
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.093963                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 93962949438                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               606572152326                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 323723                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   404945                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1771289                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67607028                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 53047.79                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17172789593                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   21481462897                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      3641728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      3599360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      2176256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      1222016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      1230336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      1214592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      1223552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      1215232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      3642240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      1213568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      3212288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      3592192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      1198336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      2169472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      3200640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      1566208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             35397888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           79872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10668416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          10668416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        28451                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        28120                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        17002                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         9547                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         9612                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         9489                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         9559                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         9494                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        28455                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         9481                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        25096                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        28064                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         9362                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        16949                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        25005                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        12236                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                276546                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           83347                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                83347                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        53127                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     38757064                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        53127                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     38306162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        49041                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     23160789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        50403                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     13005296                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        51765                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     13093842                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        54490                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     12926286                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        51765                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     13021643                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        54490                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     12933098                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        54490                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     38762512                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        57214                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     12915389                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        53127                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     34186751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        51765                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     38229877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        51765                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     12753282                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        53127                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     23088590                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        53127                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     34062788                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        57214                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     16668357                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               376721763                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        53127                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        53127                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        49041                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        50403                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        51765                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        54490                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        51765                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        54490                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        54490                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        57214                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        53127                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        51765                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        51765                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        53127                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        53127                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        57214                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             850037                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         113538539                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              113538539                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         113538539                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        53127                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     38757064                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        53127                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     38306162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        49041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     23160789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        50403                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     13005296                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        51765                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     13093842                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        54490                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     12926286                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        51765                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     13021643                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        54490                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     12933098                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        54490                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     38762512                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        57214                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     12915389                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        53127                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     34186751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        51765                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     38229877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        51765                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     12753282                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        53127                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     23088590                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        53127                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     34062788                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        57214                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     16668357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              490260302                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              225330815                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       17536463                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15824115                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       918484                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6591048                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6271470                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         969666                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40761                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    185892543                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            110324336                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          17536463                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      7241136                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            21815666                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       2883727                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      4402820                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        10669448                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       923193                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    214053337                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604640                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932557                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      192237671     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         778650      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1592647      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         667586      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        3629656      1.70%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        3225538      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         626155      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1308193      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        9987241      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    214053337                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077825                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.489611                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      184849592                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      5457062                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        21736319                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        68540                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      1941818                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      1539172                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          490                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    129364503                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2712                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      1941818                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      185038199                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       3918212                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       951045                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        21629228                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       574829                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    129297827                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          100                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       244014                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       209352                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         2919                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    151796621                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    609013764                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    609013764                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    134722847                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       17073757                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        15007                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7573                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1455947                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     30513555                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores     15437152                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       140200                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       748025                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        129048875                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15053                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       124109593                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        64518                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9901487                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23711215                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           74                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    214053337                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579807                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377355                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    169976536     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13181234      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10840283      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4678616      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5937712      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5753464      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3266204      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       257751      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       161537      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    214053337                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        314324     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2449214     86.41%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        70958      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     77847821     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1084333      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7432      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29766066     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15403941     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    124109593                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.550788                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2834496                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022839                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    465171537                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    138968577                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123053265                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    126944089                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       223052                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1165512                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          488                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3172                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        91816                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10997                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      1941818                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       3592741                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       163808                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129064007                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1345                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30513555                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15437152                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7575                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       111871                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           71                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3172                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       534819                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       542015                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      1076834                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123243802                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29664292                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       865791                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  79                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           45067009                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       16146347                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores         15402717                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.546946                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            123057209                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           123053265                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        66447456                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       130901057                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.546100                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.507616                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    117516368                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11560415                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14979                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       938617                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    212111519                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.554031                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377807                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    169515893     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15529482      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7292188      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7212382      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1960095      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8392178      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       626794      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       456726      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1125781      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    212111519                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    117516368                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             44693368                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            29348035                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              7478                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         15518718                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       104500046                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      1138202                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      1125781                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          340062222                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         260095581                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               4076564                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              11277478                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           117516368                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.253308                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.253308                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.443792                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.443792                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      609304147                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     142889970                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     154069323                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        14956                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              225330815                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       17538001                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15825907                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       919548                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6637248                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6272083                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         970355                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40645                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    185909755                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            110333027                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          17538001                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      7242438                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            21817120                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       2885457                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      4421313                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        10671366                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       923855                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    214091153                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604576                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932473                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      192274033     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         778727      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1592631      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         668091      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        3629549      1.70%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        3226092      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         624615      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        1309458      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        9987957      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    214091153                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077832                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.489649                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      184865504                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      5477066                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        21737370                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        68730                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      1942477                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      1538548                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          488                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    129372777                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2726                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      1942477                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      185055469                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       3929921                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       957179                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        21629372                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       576729                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    129303708                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          122                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       244920                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       210011                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3029                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    151805669                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    609041958                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    609041958                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    134735389                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       17070280                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        15493                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8059                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         1461658                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     30515084                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores     15438708                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       140005                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       750152                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        129054060                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15541                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       124120685                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        64589                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9895984                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23682895                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          557                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    214091153                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579756                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377353                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    170015754     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13177156      6.15%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10838501      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4679765      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5939757      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5753401      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3268122      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       257109      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       161588      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    214091153                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        314551     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2449774     86.40%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        71086      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     77855247     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1084720      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7433      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29768366     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15404919     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    124120685                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.550838                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2835411                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022844                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    465232523                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    138968753                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123063228                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    126956096                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       224432                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1165466                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          486                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3175                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        92492                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11003                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      1942477                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       3604047                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       163702                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129069679                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1291                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30515084                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15438708                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8060                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents       111740                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           81                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3175                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       535999                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       542735                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      1078734                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123254279                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29667722                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       866406                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  78                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           45071354                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       16147779                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores         15403632                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.546993                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            123067193                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           123063228                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        66457460                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       130923732                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.546145                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.507604                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100008196                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    117526071                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11556274                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14984                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       939696                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    212148676                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553980                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377788                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    169550596     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15530917      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7291287      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7213361      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1959769      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8392472      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       627032      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       457067      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1126175      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    212148676                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts    100008196                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    117526071                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             44695834                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            29349618                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              7480                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         15520023                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       104508714                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      1138327                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      1126175                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          340104547                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         260107368                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               4078244                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              11239662                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts         100008196                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           117526071                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total    100008196                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.253123                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.253123                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.443828                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.443828                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      609355964                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     142905604                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     154081746                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        14962                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 46                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              225330815                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       18336099                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15035429                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1794977                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7749918                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7179470                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1884151                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        81162                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    175123615                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            104166147                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          18336099                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      9063621                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            22920906                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5071186                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      5722674                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        10784202                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1781119                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    207015441                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615290                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965798                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      184094535     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        2479547      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        2868599      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        1581615      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1838988      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        1008139      0.49%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         680023      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1775827      0.86%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       10688168      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    207015441                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.081374                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.462281                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      173725029                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      7148109                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        22741375                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles       169479                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3231446                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      2976810                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred        16800                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    127169016                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        83348                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3231446                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      173990499                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       2521302                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      3871229                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        22656436                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       744526                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    127091477                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          185                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       196657                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       346065                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    176628472                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    591751388                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    591751388                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    151100143                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       25528325                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        33664                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18919                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1988957                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     12132762                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      6612952                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       173708                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1460510                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        126913202                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33722                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       120038314                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       165536                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15677417                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36131739                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4044                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    207015441                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579852                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269194                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156419497     75.56%     75.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20365053      9.84%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10937909      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7553526      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6613323      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3392362      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       809924      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       528557      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       395290      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    207015441                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31779     12.25%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       110785     42.70%     54.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116877     45.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100482183     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1876357      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14714      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11098192      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6566868      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    120038314                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.532720                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            259441                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002161                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    447517046                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142625485                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    118064308                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    120297755                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       305547                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2120948                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          737                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1145                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       135109                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7358                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           15                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3231446                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       2088785                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       130842                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126947033                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        42698                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12132762                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6612952                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18899                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        91605                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1145                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1042569                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1005348                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2047917                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118281983                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10425493                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1756331                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                 109                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           16990885                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       16556625                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          6565392                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.524926                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            118066218                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           118064308                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        70174688                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       183763672                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.523960                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381875                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88730429                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    108860542                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18087658                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29678                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1805384                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    203783995                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534196                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.353264                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159318035     78.18%     78.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20618521     10.12%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8637587      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5196113      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3596359      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2324058      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1202118      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       969558      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1921646      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    203783995                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     88730429                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    108860542                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             16489655                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            10011812                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             14806                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         15579505                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        98142345                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2214720                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      1921646                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          328809951                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         257127927                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               2679648                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              18315374                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          88730429                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           108860542                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     88730429                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.539499                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.539499                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.393778                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.393778                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      533591524                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     163864184                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     118693399                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        29652                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 50                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              225330815                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       20426834                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17007793                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1855392                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7759793                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7468764                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2198247                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        86052                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177696440                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            112062227                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          20426834                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      9667011                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            23357229                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5167330                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      6041264                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        11034299                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1773463                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    210390026                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654652                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029861                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      187032797     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1432092      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1799849      0.86%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        2874691      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        1210082      0.58%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        1549197      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        1806154      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         828211      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       11856953      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    210390026                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.090653                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.497323                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      176650097                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      7188639                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        23245820                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        10895                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3294567                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3108988                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          527                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    136988361                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2526                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3294567                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      176828906                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        573424                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      6115880                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        23077873                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       499369                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    136143802                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          135                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        72137                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       348343                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    190139762                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    633106689                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    633106689                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    159115233                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       31024529                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        32898                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17117                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         1750785                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     12752507                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      6667070                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        74658                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1508994                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        132922564                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33019                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       127527483                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       128650                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16113243                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     32813938                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1185                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    210390026                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606148                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327057                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156359562     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24635462     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10078497      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5649130      2.69%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7650032      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2358372      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2315227      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1245665      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        98079      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    210390026                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        878941     78.99%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       120139     10.80%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       113703     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107434651     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1742901      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15780      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11687300      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6646851      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    127527483                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.565957                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1112783                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008726                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466686425                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149069440                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    124209081                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    128640266                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        94555                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2410882                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           40                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          617                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        95331                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           24                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3294567                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        436410                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        54575                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132955589                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       104246                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12752507                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6667070                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17117                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        47521                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           54                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          617                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1098907                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1044067                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2142974                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    125309087                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11496583                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2218396                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           18142739                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       17721096                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          6646156                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.556112                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            124209583                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           124209081                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        74418005                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       199922760                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.551230                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.372234                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92569993                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    114067560                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18888549                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31834                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      1871247                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    207095459                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550797                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371239                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    158817924     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24466396     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8884231      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4425585      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4047513      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1698788      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1683726      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       800769      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2270527      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    207095459                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     92569993                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    114067560                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             16913364                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            10341625                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             15880                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         16533506                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       102698252                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2355506                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2270527                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          337780391                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         269206801                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               2694484                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              14940789                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          92569993                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           114067560                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     92569993                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.434167                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.434167                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.410818                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.410818                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      563833883                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     173558089                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     126687786                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        31808                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 50                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              225330815                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       20418919                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17000298                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1854390                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7818396                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7472634                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2196888                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        86106                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177703675                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            112024511                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          20418919                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      9669522                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            23347596                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5154751                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      6014933                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        11032538                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1772869                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    210349714                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654387                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029461                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      187002118     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        1431759      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1806738      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        2875744      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1200697      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        1547159      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6        1808900      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         827132      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       11849467      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    210349714                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.090618                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.497156                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      176657768                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      7161105                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        23236700                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        11145                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3282988                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3108378                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          522                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    136911520                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2231                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3282988                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      176836303                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        574281                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      6087460                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        23069342                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       499333                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    136070387                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          138                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        72352                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       348044                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    190065212                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    632778810                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    632778810                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    159161602                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       30903605                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        33057                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17272                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         1752047                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     12720950                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      6666148                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        74999                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1511052                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        132856565                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33176                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       127518316                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       127526                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16024387                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     32512134                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1335                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    210349714                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606221                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327094                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156311171     74.31%     74.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24653080     11.72%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10075811      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5646013      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7646994      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2354732      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2317626      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1246113      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        98174      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    210349714                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        879539     79.16%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       117829     10.61%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       113688     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107427037     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1743799      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15784      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11685660      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6646036      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    127518316                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.565916                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1111056                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008713                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466624928                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    148914741                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    124204193                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    128629372                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        95429                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2376307                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           41                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          615                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        92499                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           51                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3282988                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        436748                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        54893                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132889749                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       103346                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12720950                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6666148                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17273                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        47907                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           58                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          615                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1099170                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1040974                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2140144                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    125300997                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11496388                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2217319                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           18141694                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       17720163                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          6645306                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.556076                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            124204741                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           124204193                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        74410929                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       199873539                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.551208                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372290                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92596971                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    114100845                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18789395                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31841                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      1870249                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    207066726                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.551034                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371449                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    158775642     76.68%     76.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24471491     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8886135      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4429323      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4048075      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1702317      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1681846      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       801022      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2270875      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    207066726                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     92596971                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    114100845                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             16918289                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            10344640                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             15884                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         16538341                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       102728229                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2356204                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2270875                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          337685441                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         269063490                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               2690913                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              14981101                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          92596971                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           114100845                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     92596971                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.433458                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.433458                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.410938                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.410938                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      563825394                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     173556308                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     126651564                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        31814                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 50                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              225330815                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       20425020                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17004901                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1855223                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7744636                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7462882                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2198175                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        86231                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177702221                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            112053541                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          20425020                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      9661057                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            23355493                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5165773                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      6040080                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        11034716                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1773739                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    210391528                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654588                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029774                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      187036035     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1432493      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1799596      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        2874746      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1209935      0.58%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1548775      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        1805574      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         828227      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       11856147      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    210391528                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.090645                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.497285                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      176655842                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      7187019                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        23244536                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        10917                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3293206                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3110092                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          529                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    136979207                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         2226                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3293206                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      176834786                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        572604                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      6113899                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        23076395                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       500631                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    136135149                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          150                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        72100                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       349392                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    190132212                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    633053275                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    633053275                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    159121824                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       31010380                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        32919                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17138                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         1757732                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     12750600                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      6667448                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        75215                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1509569                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        132922077                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33044                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       127531766                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       129985                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16096604                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     32775962                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1206                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    210391528                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606164                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327088                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156358767     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24637529     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10080268      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5646777      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7649414      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2358473      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2316730      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1245591      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        97979      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    210391528                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        879606     78.98%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       120374     10.81%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       113665     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107438903     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1743146      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15780      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11686563      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6647374      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    127531766                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.565976                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1113645                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008732                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466698690                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149052335                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    124215940                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    128645411                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        94938                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2408518                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           34                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          612                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        95435                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           35                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3293206                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        435893                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        54428                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132955127                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       104569                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12750600                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6667448                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17139                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        47367                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           57                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          612                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1097832                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1044546                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2142378                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    125315071                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11496198                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2216695                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           18142944                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       17723323                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          6646746                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.556138                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            124216390                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           124215940                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        74420968                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       199915550                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.551260                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372262                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92573856                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    114072352                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18883268                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31838                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1871053                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    207098322                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550813                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371308                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    158819033     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24469892     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8882281      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4425698      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4046275      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1698611      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1683960      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       801687      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2270885      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    207098322                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     92573856                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    114072352                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             16914092                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            10342079                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             15882                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         16534211                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       102702573                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2355613                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2270885                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          337782407                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         269204470                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               2694896                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              14939287                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          92573856                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           114072352                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     92573856                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.434065                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.434065                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.410835                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.410835                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      563851248                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     173570815                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     126680030                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        31812                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 50                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              225330815                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       20424424                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17006351                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1856262                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7754824                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7467802                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2197853                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        86309                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177685803                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            112047070                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          20424424                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      9665655                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            23354932                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5168394                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      6004298                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        11034498                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1774435                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    210340366                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029887                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      186985434     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1431612      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1799456      0.86%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        2873819      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1213426      0.58%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1548947      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        1806628      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         826792      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       11854252      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    210340366                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.090642                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.497256                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      176640693                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      7150303                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        23243733                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        10820                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3294809                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3108090                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          525                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    136969064                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2521                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3294809                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      176818935                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        571740                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      6080338                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        23076303                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       498234                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    136126424                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          134                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        71421                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       347888                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    190117094                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    633021999                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    633021999                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    159096865                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       31020215                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        32864                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17085                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         1748223                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     12750424                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      6664667                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        74888                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1509361                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        132901346                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32985                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       127506272                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       127191                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16104545                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     32794831                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1156                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    210340366                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606190                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327072                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156315108     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24638340     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10073632      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5646195      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7653997      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2355021      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2313494      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1246606      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        97973      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    210340366                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        877964     78.98%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       120005     10.80%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       113644     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107421172     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1742969      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15778      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11681835      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6644518      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    127506272                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.565863                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1111613                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008718                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466591714                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149039479                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    124189890                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    128617885                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        94440                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2410007                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           46                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          608                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        93698                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           36                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3294809                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        435045                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        54903                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132934339                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       104651                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12750424                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6664667                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17086                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        47845                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           53                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          608                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1099947                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1043947                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2143894                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    125287006                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11492436                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2219266                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           18136280                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       17719253                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          6643844                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.556014                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            124190334                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           124189890                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        74408371                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       199888090                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.551145                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.372250                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92559315                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    114054388                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18880471                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31829                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1872088                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    207045557                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550866                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371275                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    158771452     76.68%     76.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24465339     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8884117      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4425284      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4046551      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1698413      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1683909      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       800696      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2269796      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    207045557                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     92559315                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    114054388                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             16911383                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            10340414                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             15878                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         16531610                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       102686373                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2355231                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2269796                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          337709970                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         269164561                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               2695829                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              14990449                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          92559315                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           114054388                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     92559315                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.434448                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.434448                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.410771                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.410771                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      563733905                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     173534568                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     126669269                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        31802                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 50                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              225330815                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       20420220                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17002435                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1853845                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7803452                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7472887                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2196843                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        86371                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177732978                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            112036693                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          20420220                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      9669730                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            23352010                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5152784                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      6032722                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        11033433                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1771873                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    210399759                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654285                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029246                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      187047749     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1431662      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1808194      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        2876371      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1203880      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1547978      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        1808223      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         826149      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       11849553      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    210399759                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.090623                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.497210                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      176685557                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      7180964                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        23240793                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        10919                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3281518                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3107425                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          534                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    136918677                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2574                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3281518                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      176865087                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        573938                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      6107016                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        23072298                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       499895                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    136072059                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          145                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        72063                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       348876                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    190072687                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    632780181                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    632780181                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    159186762                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       30885919                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        33062                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17274                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         1754821                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     12719503                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      6665930                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        74902                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1512194                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        132859243                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33181                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       127522634                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       126903                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16013157                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     32496016                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1331                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    210399759                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606097                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326938                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156354633     74.31%     74.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24658406     11.72%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10079575      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5644849      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7644082      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2356797      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2318024      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1245070      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        98323      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    210399759                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        879253     79.15%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       117857     10.61%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       113729     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107431261     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1743910      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15787      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11686217      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6645459      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    127522634                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.565935                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1110839                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008711                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466682769                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    148906196                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    124211527                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    128633473                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        94586                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2373249                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           37                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          619                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        91251                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           97                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3281518                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        437079                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        54863                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132892428                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       104021                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12719503                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6665930                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17274                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        47811                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           58                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          619                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1101693                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1038336                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2140029                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    125307479                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11497334                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2215155                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           18142171                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       17722774                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          6644837                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.556104                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            124211965                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           124211527                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        74414955                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       199867539                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.551241                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372321                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92611609                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    114118779                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18774154                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31850                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1869708                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    207118241                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550984                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371306                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    158813725     76.68%     76.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24480067     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8889757      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4431485      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4047394      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1702190      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1681762      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       801243      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2270618      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    207118241                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     92611609                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    114118779                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             16920929                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            10346250                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             15888                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         16540914                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       102744370                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2356559                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2270618                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          337739906                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         269067406                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               2690695                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              14931056                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          92611609                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           114118779                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     92611609                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.433073                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.433073                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.411003                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.411003                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      563852917                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     173567689                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     126664592                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        31824                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              225330815                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       17535148                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15822368                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       917758                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6611073                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6272626                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         969539                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40535                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    185899834                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            110317773                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          17535148                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      7242165                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            21815034                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       2881436                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      4399201                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        10669181                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       922529                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    214054753                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604599                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932509                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      192239719     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         779587      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1593353      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         667698      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        3627710      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        3225344      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         626343      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1307658      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        9987341      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    214054753                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077820                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.489581                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      184856414                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      5453863                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        21735542                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        68732                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      1940196                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      1539491                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          488                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    129357320                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2707                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      1940196                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      185044551                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       3913444                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       951790                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        21629060                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       575706                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    129290250                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           87                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       244548                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       209478                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4074                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    151781889                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    608983366                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    608983366                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    134739542                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       17042318                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        15016                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7581                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         1454771                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     30514109                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores     15439146                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       139236                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       745208                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        129042809                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15062                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       124116405                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        64845                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9887794                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23650155                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           79                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    214054753                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579835                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377349                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    169973457     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13183369      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10840907      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4681398      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5937262      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5753270      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3265610      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       257870      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       161610      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    214054753                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        314266     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2449222     86.41%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        71092      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     77850252     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1084789      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7434      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29768549     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15405381     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    124116405                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.550819                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2834580                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022838                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    465186988                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    138948832                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123061263                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    126950985                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       223276                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1164179                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          499                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3173                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        92731                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11006                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      1940196                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       3586945                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       163232                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129057942                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1216                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30514109                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15439146                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7582                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents       111408                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           74                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3173                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       534764                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       541343                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      1076107                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123252063                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29667630                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       864342                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  71                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           45071666                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       16148164                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores         15404036                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.546983                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            123065249                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           123061263                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        66455747                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       130908850                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.546136                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.507649                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100010653                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    117529162                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11540888                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14983                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       937961                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    212114557                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.554083                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377871                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    169514411     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15531278      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7292458      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7213752      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1960644      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8392409      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       626419      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       456911      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1126275      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    212114557                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    100010653                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    117529162                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             44696341                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            29349926                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              7480                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         15520497                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       104511499                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      1138401                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      1126275                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          340058033                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         260080509                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               4076321                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              11276062                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         100010653                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           117529162                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    100010653                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.253068                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.253068                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.443839                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.443839                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      609348733                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     142898277                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     154066997                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        14960                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 50                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              225330815                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       20423400                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17003727                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1855454                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7765814                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7467023                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2198709                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        86296                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177708464                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            112038808                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          20423400                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      9665732                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            23354967                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5165247                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      6030417                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        11034787                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1774021                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    210386780                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654519                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029646                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      187031813     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1432462      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1802195      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        2876484      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1207201      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1550047      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        1804497      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         826800      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       11855281      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    210386780                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.090637                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.497219                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      176661907                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      7177580                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        23243939                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        10937                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3292409                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3109661                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          524                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    136961634                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2183                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3292409                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      176840845                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        572665                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      6104865                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        23075996                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       499993                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    136119261                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          141                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        72366                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       348462                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    190112909                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    632991624                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    632991624                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    159127420                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       30985470                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        32893                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17111                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1754522                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     12749285                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      6665925                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        75393                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1510680                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        132907956                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33018                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       127525479                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       128238                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16093257                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     32740453                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1180                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    210386780                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606148                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327085                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156352765     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24643887     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10078085      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5645097      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7649052      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2355314      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2318777      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1245733      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        98070      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    210386780                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        879075     79.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       120059     10.79%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       113686     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107434635     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1743111      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15781      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11685979      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6645973      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    127525479                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.565948                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1112820                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008726                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466678796                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149034848                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    124210180                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    128638299                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        95271                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2406908                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           28                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          620                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        93711                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           51                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3292409                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        435545                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        54423                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132940980                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       103991                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12749285                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6665925                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17112                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        47368                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           61                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          620                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1097831                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1044273                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2142104                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    125308071                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11495146                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2217408                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           18140591                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       17722622                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          6645445                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.556107                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            124210518                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           124210180                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        74418141                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       199900469                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.551235                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372276                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92577058                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    114076179                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18865327                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31838                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1871312                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    207094371                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550842                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371284                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    158812614     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24469666     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8884382      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4425043      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4048182      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1699087      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1683603      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       801513      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2270281      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    207094371                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     92577058                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    114076179                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             16914591                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            10342377                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             15882                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         16534735                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       102706013                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2355675                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2270281                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          337764946                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         269175445                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               2695735                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              14944035                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          92577058                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           114076179                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     92577058                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.433981                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.433981                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.410850                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.410850                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      563828309                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     173561954                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     126663996                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        31812                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 45                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              225330815                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       18273165                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14944522                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1785052                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7589977                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7209815                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1879629                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        79205                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177381181                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            103692736                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          18273165                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      9089444                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            21733025                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5185191                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      3098539                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        10907627                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1799148                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    205573724                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616342                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967820                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      183840699     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1180521      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1862098      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        2966960      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1225122      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        1370544      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        1461668      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         953947      0.46%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       10712165      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    205573724                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.081095                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.460180                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      175746805                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      4746002                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        21664972                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        55408                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3360534                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      2995782                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          447                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    126625018                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         2851                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3360534                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      176019776                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       1520879                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      2439163                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        21452369                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       781000                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    126551804                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents        21335                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       216499                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       295317                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents        38670                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    175705130                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    588700868                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    588700868                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    150026323                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       25678795                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        32243                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17736                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         2347824                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     12060695                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      6479768                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads       195892                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1474292                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        126375594                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32339                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       119629792                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       147117                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16017365                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35563967                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3083                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    205573724                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581931                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273842                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    155139084     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20239298      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11069955      5.38%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7544820      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7058825      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2026944      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1587677      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       536926      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       370195      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    205573724                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27871     12.51%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        86080     38.65%     51.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       108771     48.84%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100218779     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1891150      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14505      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11056384      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6448974      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    119629792                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.530907                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            222722                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001862                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    445203147                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142426594                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    117702487                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    119852514                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       361783                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2158988                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          284                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1324                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       185317                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7475                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3360534                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       1021567                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       106777                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126408054                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        47956                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12060695                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6479768                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17725                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        78415                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1324                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1042686                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1018418                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2061104                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    117923265                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10398029                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1706527                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                 121                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           16845456                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       16591308                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          6447427                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.523334                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            117703374                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           117702487                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        68820210                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       179805412                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.522354                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.382748                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88126233                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    108019355                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18388902                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29256                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1822883                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    202213190                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534186                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387763                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    158358973     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21238490     10.50%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8269508      4.09%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4453907      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3335985      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1862772      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1149569      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1026974      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2517012      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    202213190                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     88126233                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    108019355                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             16196152                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             9901701                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             14596                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         15505862                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        97333190                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2194286                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2517012                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          326103850                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         256177249                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               2862065                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              19757091                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          88126233                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           108019355                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     88126233                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.556910                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.556910                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.391097                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.391097                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      531783499                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     163158212                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     118102733                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        29230                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              225330815                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       17541013                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15828442                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       918319                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6567965                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6275283                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         970058                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40754                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    185946244                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            110351956                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          17541013                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      7245341                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            21822841                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       2882933                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      4409300                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        10672280                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       922816                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    214120082                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604609                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932488                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      192297241     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         779372      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1594198      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         668263      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        3630543      1.70%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        3226501      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         625515      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1309026      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        9989423      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    214120082                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077846                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.489733                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      184904512                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      5462506                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        21743091                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        68762                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      1941205                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      1539291                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          492                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    129397518                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2725                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      1941205                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      185092589                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       3922078                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       952535                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        21636553                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       575116                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    129330247                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           92                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       244480                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       208843                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3741                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    151828502                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    609177845                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    609177845                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    134771394                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       17057103                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        15010                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7572                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1453800                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     30524199                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores     15442770                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       139698                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       747417                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        129080054                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15057                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       124144672                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        64320                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9894446                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23693955                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           70                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    214120082                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579790                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377323                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    170031072     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13184425      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10842126      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4681444      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5939804      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5755284      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3267005      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       257379      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       161543      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    214120082                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        314316     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2449898     86.41%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        71121      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     77867388     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1084851      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7435      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29775962     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15409036     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    124144672                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.550944                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2835335                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022839                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    465309081                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    138992699                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123089436                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    126980007                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       223887                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1166709                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          496                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3149                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        92440                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11006                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      1941205                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       3596482                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       163410                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129095193                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1356                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30524199                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15442770                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7575                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents       111462                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           88                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3149                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       535513                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       541363                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      1076876                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123280082                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29675168                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       864590                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  82                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           45082891                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       16151460                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores         15407723                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.547107                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            123093421                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           123089436                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        66472036                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       130952604                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.546261                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.507604                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100034904                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    117557458                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11550411                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14987                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       938463                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    212178877                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.554049                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377866                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    169569254     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15535589      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7293337      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7214255      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1961240      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8394194      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       627091      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       457382      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1126535      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    212178877                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    100034904                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    117557458                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             44707817                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            29357487                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              7482                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         15524143                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       104536646                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      1138630                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      1126535                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          340159912                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         260157128                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               4078312                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              11210733                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         100034904                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           117557458                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    100034904                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.252522                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.252522                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.443947                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.443947                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      609491342                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     142927817                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     154112331                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        14964                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 50                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              225330815                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       20423322                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17005609                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1856665                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7814271                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7470299                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2197975                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        86222                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177734964                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            112051855                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          20423322                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      9668274                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            23355849                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5163928                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      6022437                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        11036626                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1774745                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    210403687                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654433                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029426                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      187047838     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1432588      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1801692      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        2876327      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1209317      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1549886      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        1808731      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         827311      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       11849997      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    210403687                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.090637                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.497277                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      176689778                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      7168360                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        23244856                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        10760                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3289925                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3107446                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          513                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    136954018                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         2205                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3289925                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      176868497                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        571599                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      6098061                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        23077125                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       498473                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    136109929                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          146                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        71784                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       348115                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    190110892                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    632956101                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    632956101                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    159138155                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       30972702                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        33125                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17341                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         1748619                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     12735216                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      6664253                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        74520                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1507786                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        132883726                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33247                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       127525467                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       127994                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16066242                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     32633680                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1409                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    210403687                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606099                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327087                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156370439     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24645471     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10077365      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5640613      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7651206      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2355171      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2319366      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1245896      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        98160      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    210403687                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        878687     79.07%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       118902     10.70%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       113691     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107434256     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1743646      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15782      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11688071      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6643712      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    127525467                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.565948                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1111280                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008714                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466693891                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    148983835                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    124204039                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    128636747                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        94254                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2392121                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           31                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          622                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        91579                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           12                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3289925                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        435475                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        54591                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132916982                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       104507                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12735216                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6664253                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17342                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        47528                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           56                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          622                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1101548                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1040879                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2142427                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    125302004                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11495616                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2223459                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           18138787                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       17719466                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          6643171                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.556080                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            124204399                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           124204039                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        74415875                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       199903090                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.551208                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372260                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92583316                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    114083964                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18833572                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31838                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1872527                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    207113762                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550828                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371249                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    158828493     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24470177     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8884884      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4428829      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4046384      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1700972      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1681995      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       801058      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2270970      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    207113762                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     92583316                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    114083964                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             16915769                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            10343095                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             15882                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         16535883                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       102713012                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2355842                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2270970                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          337759678                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         269125031                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               2694644                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              14927128                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          92583316                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           114083964                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     92583316                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.433817                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.433817                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.410877                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.410877                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      563816834                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     173558949                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     126675016                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        31812                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 46                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              225330807                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       18339918                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15037569                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1795633                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7746339                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7183066                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1884436                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        80990                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    175115621                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            104194814                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          18339918                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      9067502                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            22930156                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5077380                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      5686051                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        10784919                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1781549                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    206985700                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615590                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966214                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      184055544     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        2482844      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        2866307      1.38%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        1585322      0.77%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1840570      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1005872      0.49%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         680798      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1777167      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       10691276      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    206985700                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.081391                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.462408                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      173717569                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      7111054                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        22750427                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles       169626                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3237021                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      2978517                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred        16852                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    127212195                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts        83752                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3237021                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      173983699                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       2576255                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      3781422                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        22665223                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       742077                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    127132771                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          228                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       195962                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       344780                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    176673929                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    591957094                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    591957094                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    151081072                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       25592857                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        33604                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18856                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         1989538                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     12147619                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      6616188                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       173811                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1464291                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        126949927                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33686                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       120058309                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       168626                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15732146                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36254575                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4013                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    206985700                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580032                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269448                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156389775     75.56%     75.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20359782      9.84%     85.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10937490      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7554944      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6613321      3.20%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3396100      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       810574      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       528225      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       395489      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    206985700                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31619     12.16%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       111475     42.86%     55.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116992     44.98%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100490310     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1876496      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14712      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11107956      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6568835      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    120058309                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.532809                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            260086                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002166                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    447531030                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142716913                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    118076465                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    120318395                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       305030                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2137071                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          711                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1156                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       139165                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7357                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3237021                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       2138494                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       130225                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126983721                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        46697                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12147619                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6616188                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18867                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        91729                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1156                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1043988                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1004726                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2048714                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118298382                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10431434                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1759927                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 108                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           16998766                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       16557292                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          6567332                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.524999                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            118078412                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           118076465                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        70181182                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       183806669                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.524014                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381821                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88719232                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    108846807                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18138205                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29673                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1805905                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    203748679                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534221                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.353249                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159286888     78.18%     78.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20615308     10.12%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8640231      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5193786      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3596488      1.77%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2323238      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1202459      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       969465      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1920816      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    203748679                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     88719232                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    108846807                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             16487571                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            10010548                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             14804                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         15577539                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        98129961                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2214441                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      1920816                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          328812277                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         257207111                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               2680022                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              18345107                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          88719232                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           108846807                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     88719232                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.539819                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.539819                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.393729                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.393729                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      533663079                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     163876349                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     118726018                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        29646                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 45                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              225330815                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       18271699                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14942423                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1786388                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7636249                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7217332                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1879649                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        79349                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177437813                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            103657610                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          18271699                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      9096981                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            21730928                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5180512                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      3091611                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        10910876                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1800296                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    205615311                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616047                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967246                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      183884383     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1180329      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1863071      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        2965985      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1227384      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1373423      0.67%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        1460971      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         956238      0.47%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       10703527      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    205615311                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.081088                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.460024                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      175804810                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      4737457                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        21663023                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        55504                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3354514                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      2996368                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          447                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    126592230                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         2869                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3354514                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      176075958                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       1523748                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      2431329                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        21452281                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       777478                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    126519473                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents        22460                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       216774                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       293138                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents        38841                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    175655642                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    588541785                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    588541785                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    150049858                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       25605770                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        32299                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17790                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         2336834                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     12060698                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      6478617                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       195648                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1472281                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        126342749                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32387                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       119627324                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       147182                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15961323                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35406450                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3128                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    205615311                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581802                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273565                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    155170743     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20248091      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11074483      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7546911      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7054532      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2027845      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1586455      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       536557      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       369694      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    205615311                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27994     12.56%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        86243     38.68%     51.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       108724     48.76%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100218347     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1889890      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14507      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11056587      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6447993      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    119627324                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.530896                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            222961                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001864                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    445240102                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142337756                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    117701222                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    119850285                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       359674                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2157446                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          319                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1326                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       183189                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7440                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3354514                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       1023075                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       107775                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126375266                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        48285                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12060698                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6478617                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17776                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        79472                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1326                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1045643                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1017276                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2062919                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    117921987                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10399231                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1705337                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 130                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           16845786                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       16594130                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          6446555                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.523328                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            117702075                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           117701222                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        68817408                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       179788084                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.522349                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382770                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88140025                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    108036281                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18339178                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29259                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1824221                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    202260796                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534143                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387655                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    158397385     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21242433     10.50%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8272085      4.09%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4456561      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3335890      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1863255      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1148972      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1027392      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2516823      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    202260796                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     88140025                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    108036281                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             16198677                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             9903249                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             14598                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         15508285                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        97348443                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2194629                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2516823                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          326118847                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         256105638                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               2863408                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              19715504                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          88140025                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           108036281                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     88140025                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.556510                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.556510                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.391158                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.391158                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      531776876                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     163154807                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     118067540                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        29232                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              225330815                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       18575282                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15197669                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1817142                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7801253                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7325124                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1920733                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        82783                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    179036423                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            103817710                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          18575282                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      9245857                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            21681644                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       4939101                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      4207100                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        10951811                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1818708                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    208023509                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612975                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954803                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      186341865     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1011577      0.49%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1605635      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        2177558      1.05%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        2237398      1.08%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1893808      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        1064824      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1576707      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       10114137      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    208023509                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.082436                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.460735                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      177218475                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      6040340                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        21643350                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        23359                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3097982                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3058261                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          362                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    127417552                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1909                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3097982                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      177703448                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       1244439                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      3684518                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        21188158                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles      1104961                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    127373392                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          146                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       149800                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       482266                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    177726463                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    592538990                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    592538990                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    154294929                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       23431512                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        31923                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        16756                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         3291766                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     11933594                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      6463492                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        75721                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1546585                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        127225552                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32036                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       120912313                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16576                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     13927587                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     33220068                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1442                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    208023509                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581244                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271968                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156833713     75.39%     75.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21066735     10.13%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10666855      5.13%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8032586      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6313565      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2560017      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1600933      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       838673      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110432      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    208023509                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         23386     11.68%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        73646     36.79%     48.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       103171     51.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101693651     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1801702      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15165      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10958782      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6443013      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    120912313                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.536599                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            200203                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001656                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    450064913                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141185667                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    119100573                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    121112516                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       243952                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1910220                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          132                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          495                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        87037                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3097982                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        994765                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       107214                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127257717                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        31093                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11933594                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6463492                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        16758                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        90555                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          495                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1058460                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1018582                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2077042                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    119245453                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10310574                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1666859                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 129                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           16753337                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       16949178                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          6442763                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.529202                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            119100822                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           119100573                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        68367322                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       184216947                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.528559                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.371124                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89943701                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    110674376                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     16583369                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30594                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1840064                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    204925527                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540071                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388736                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159518842     77.84%     77.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22510421     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8498682      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4050757      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3421249      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1959776      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1710326      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       775304      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2480170      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    204925527                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     89943701                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    110674376                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             16399829                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            10023374                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             15262                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         15959308                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        99716370                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2279024                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2480170                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          329702478                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         257613534                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               2712122                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              17307306                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          89943701                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           110674376                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     89943701                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.505243                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.505243                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.399163                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.399163                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      536704521                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     165906820                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     118109783                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        30568                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         276639                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32761.126154                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          2752506                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         309386                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           8.896673                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           225.788272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     3.371992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  2684.534884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     3.316304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  2624.093026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.647180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1712.093225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     2.980684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   960.797209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.902951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   990.108499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     3.370843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   962.098338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     3.078082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   983.653123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     3.625111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   961.852557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     3.355968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  2664.951802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     3.425689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   966.261265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     4.303029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  2221.533982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     3.283785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  2634.771854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     3.084373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   954.080392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     3.495146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1705.534703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     4.070999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  2160.258752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     4.047707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1234.050197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           416.352839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           462.203773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           390.549496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           326.101879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           298.826757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           334.806618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           315.715288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           331.533447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           418.239477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           319.442509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           433.914563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           464.504230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           335.282487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           392.484521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           478.670818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           341.675527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.006891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.081926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.080081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.052249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.029321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.030216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.029361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.030019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.029353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.081328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.029488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.067796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.080407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.029116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.052049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.065926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.037660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.012706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.014105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.011919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.009952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.009119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.010217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.009635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.010118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.012764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.009749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.013242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.014176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.010232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.011978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.014608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.010427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        43661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        43999                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        32216                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        23015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        22946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        23011                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        22941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        23077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        43681                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        23065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        38980                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        44107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        23139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        32122                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        39146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        24130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  503260                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           168136                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                168136                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           64                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          138                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          191                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          186                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          189                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          190                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          191                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           64                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          190                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          119                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          190                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          138                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          119                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          138                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2244                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        43725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        44067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        32354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        23206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        23132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        23200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        23131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        23268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        43745                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        23255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        39099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        44176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        23329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        32260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        39265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        24268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   505504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        43725                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        44067                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        32354                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        23206                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        23132                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        23200                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        23131                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        23268                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        43745                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        23255                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        39099                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        44176                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        23329                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        32260                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        39265                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        24268                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  505504                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        28446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        28119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        16997                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9547                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9612                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9559                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9494                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        28450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9481                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        25096                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        28064                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9362                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        16944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        25005                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        12236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                276525                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  21                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        28451                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        28120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9559                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        28455                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        25096                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        28064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        16949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        25005                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        12236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 276546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        28451                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        28120                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17002                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9547                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9612                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9489                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9559                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9494                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        28455                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9481                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        25096                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        28064                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9362                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        16949                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        25005                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        12236                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                276546                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6006320                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4564940199                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6074763                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4515210620                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5547243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2746646197                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5987837                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1539584612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5933843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1551424576                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6570126                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1530027077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5840674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1541681073                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6636552                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1533511661                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6028618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4561854916                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6602463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1530673898                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5942048                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4051143519                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5810446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4502868757                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6384521                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1510299224                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5919055                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2738760387                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5808065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4034941451                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6260422                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1966503024                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     44517424187                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       819686                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       131430                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       751550                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       772857                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       747231                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       3222754                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6006320                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4565759885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6074763                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4515342050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5547243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2747397747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5987837                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1539584612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5933843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1551424576                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6570126                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1530027077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5840674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1541681073                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6636552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1533511661                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6028618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4562627773                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6602463                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1530673898                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5942048                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4051143519                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5810446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4502868757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6384521                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1510299224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5919055                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2739507618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5808065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4034941451                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6260422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1966503024                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      44520646941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6006320                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4565759885                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6074763                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4515342050                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5547243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2747397747                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5987837                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1539584612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5933843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1551424576                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6570126                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1530027077                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5840674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1541681073                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6636552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1533511661                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6028618                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4562627773                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6602463                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1530673898                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5942048                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4051143519                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5810446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4502868757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6384521                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1510299224                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5919055                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2739507618                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5808065                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4034941451                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6260422                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1966503024                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     44520646941                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        72118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        49213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        32562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        32558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        32500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        32500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        32571                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        72131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        32546                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        64076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        72171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        32501                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        49066                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        64151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        36366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              779785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       168136                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            168136                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          143                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          191                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          186                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          189                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          190                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          191                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          190                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          119                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          190                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          143                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          119                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          138                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2265                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        72187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        49356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        32753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        32744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        32689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        32690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        32762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        72200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        32736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        64195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        72240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        32691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        49209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        64270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        36504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               782050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        72187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        49356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        32753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        32744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        32689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        32690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        32762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        72200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        32736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        64195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        72240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        32691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        49209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        64270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        36504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              782050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.394497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.389903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.345376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.295227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.291969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.294123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.291486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.394421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.291311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.391660                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.388854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.288053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.345331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.389783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.336468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.354617                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.072464                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.014493                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.034965                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.072464                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.034965                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.009272                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.394189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.389544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.344477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.291485                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.290281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.292414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.289787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.394114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.289620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.390934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.388483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.286379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.344429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.389062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.335196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.353617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.394189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.389544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.344477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.291485                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.290281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.292414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.289787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.394114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.289620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.390934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.388483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.286379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.344429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.389062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.335196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.353617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154008.205128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 160477.402763                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 155763.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 160575.078061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154090.083333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 161595.940284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 161833.432432                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 161263.707133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 156153.763158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 161404.970454                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 164253.150000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 161242.183265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153701.947368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 161280.580919                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 165913.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 161524.295450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150715.450000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 160346.394236                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157201.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 161446.461133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152360.205128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 161425.865437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152906.473684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 160449.998468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 168013.710526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 161322.284127                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 151770.641026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 161636.000177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 148924.743590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 161365.384963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 149057.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 160714.532854                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160988.786500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163937.200000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       131430                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       150310                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 154571.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 149446.200000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153464.476190                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154008.205128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 160478.010790                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 155763.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 160574.041607                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154090.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 161592.621280                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 161833.432432                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 161263.707133                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 156153.763158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 161404.970454                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 164253.150000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 161242.183265                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153701.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 161280.580919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 165913.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 161524.295450                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150715.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 160345.379476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157201.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 161446.461133                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152360.205128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 161425.865437                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152906.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 160449.998468                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 168013.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 161322.284127                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 151770.641026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 161632.404154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 148924.743590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 161365.384963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 149057.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 160714.532854                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160988.215129                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154008.205128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 160478.010790                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 155763.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 160574.041607                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154090.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 161592.621280                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 161833.432432                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 161263.707133                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 156153.763158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 161404.970454                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 164253.150000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 161242.183265                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153701.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 161280.580919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 165913.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 161524.295450                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150715.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 160345.379476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157201.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 161446.461133                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152360.205128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 161425.865437                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152906.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 160449.998468                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 168013.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 161322.284127                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 151770.641026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 161632.404154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 148924.743590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 161365.384963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 149057.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 160714.532854                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160988.215129                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                83347                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     83347                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        28446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        28119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        16997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        28450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        25096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        28064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        16944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        25005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        12236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           276525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             21                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        28451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        28120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        28455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        25096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        28064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        16949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        25005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        12236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            276546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        28451                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        28120                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17002                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9547                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9612                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9559                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        28455                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        25096                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        28064                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9362                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        16949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        25005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        12236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           276546                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3738854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2909068528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3804710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2878396489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3453351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1756756453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3836997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    983650282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3724659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    991698020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4248457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    977507722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3632832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    985044899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4314446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    980714691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3703826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2905934480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4159966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    978582411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3674975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2589804290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3598119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2869378486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4176477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    965164973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3649573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1751885660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3537943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2578845790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3817355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1253921999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28417427713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       528277                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        73255                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       459574                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       481054                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       455754                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1997914                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3738854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2909596805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3804710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2878469744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3453351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1757216027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3836997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    983650282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3724659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    991698020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4248457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    977507722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3632832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    985044899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4314446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    980714691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3703826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2906415534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4159966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    978582411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3674975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2589804290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3598119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2869378486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4176477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    965164973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3649573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1752341414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3537943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2578845790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3817355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1253921999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28419425627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3738854                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2909596805                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3804710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2878469744                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3453351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1757216027                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3836997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    983650282                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3724659                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    991698020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4248457                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    977507722                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3632832                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    985044899                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4314446                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    980714691                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3703826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2906415534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4159966                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    978582411                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3674975                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2589804290                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3598119                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2869378486                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4176477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    965164973                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3649573                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1752341414                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3537943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2578845790                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3817355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1253921999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28419425627                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.394497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.389903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.345376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.295227                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.291969                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.294123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.291486                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.394421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.291311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.391660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.388854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.288053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.345331                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.389783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.336468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.354617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.072464                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.014493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.034965                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.072464                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.034965                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009272                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.394189                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.389544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.344477                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.291485                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.290281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.292414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.289787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.394114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.289620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.390934                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.388483                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.286379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.344429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.389062                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.335196                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.353617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.394189                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.389544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.344477                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.291485                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.290281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.292414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.289787                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.394114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.289620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.390934                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.388483                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.286379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.344429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.389062                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.335196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.353617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 95868.051282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 102266.347747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 97556.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 102364.824105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 95926.416667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103356.854327                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 103702.621622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103032.395726                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 98017.342105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103172.910945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 106211.425000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103014.830014                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95600.842105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 103048.948530                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 107861.150000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103298.366442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92595.650000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 102141.809490                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 99046.809524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 103215.105052                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 94230.128205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103195.899347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94687.342105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102244.102266                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 109907.289474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103093.887310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 93578.794872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103392.685316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 90716.487179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103133.204959                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90889.404762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102478.097336                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102766.215398                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105655.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        73255                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 91914.800000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 96210.800000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 91150.800000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95138.761905                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 95868.051282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 102266.943341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 97556.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 102363.788905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 95926.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103353.489413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 103702.621622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103032.395726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 98017.342105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103172.910945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 106211.425000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103014.830014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95600.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 103048.948530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 107861.150000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103298.366442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92595.650000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 102140.767317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 99046.809524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 103215.105052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 94230.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103195.899347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94687.342105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102244.102266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 109907.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103093.887310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 93578.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103389.073928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 90716.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103133.204959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90889.404762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102478.097336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102765.636194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 95868.051282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 102266.943341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 97556.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 102363.788905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 95926.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103353.489413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 103702.621622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103032.395726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 98017.342105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103172.910945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 106211.425000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103014.830014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95600.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 103048.948530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 107861.150000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103298.366442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92595.650000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 102140.767317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 99046.809524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 103215.105052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 94230.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103195.899347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94687.342105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102244.102266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 109907.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103093.887310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 93578.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103389.073928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 90716.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103133.204959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90889.404762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102478.097336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102765.636194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              579.075301                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1010677289                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1733580.255575                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    38.045444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   541.029857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.060970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.867035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10669399                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10669399                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10669399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       10669399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10669399                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      10669399                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9383734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9383734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9383734                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9383734                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9383734                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9383734                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10669448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10669448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10669448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     10669448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10669448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     10669448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 191504.775510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 191504.775510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 191504.775510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 191504.775510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 191504.775510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 191504.775510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8162909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8162909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8162909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8162909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8162909                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8162909                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 204072.725000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 204072.725000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 204072.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 204072.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 204072.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 204072.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                72176                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              432109585                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                72432                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              5965.727648                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   111.877662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   144.122338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.437022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.562978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     27995469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27995469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15329925                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15329925                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         7487                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7487                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         7478                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7478                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     43325394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       43325394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     43325394                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      43325394                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       255243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       255243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          226                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          226                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       255469                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       255469                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       255469                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       255469                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30456241843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  30456241843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     22140059                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     22140059                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30478381902                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  30478381902                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30478381902                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  30478381902                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     28250712                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28250712                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15330151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15330151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7487                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7487                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7478                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7478                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     43580863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43580863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     43580863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43580863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005862                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005862                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119322.535165                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119322.535165                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 97964.862832                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97964.862832                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119303.641154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119303.641154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119303.641154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119303.641154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14113                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total           14113                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       183136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       183136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       183293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       183293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       183293                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       183293                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   7915386056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7915386056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      5607017                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5607017                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   7920993073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7920993073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   7920993073                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7920993073                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 109772.782892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109772.782892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 81261.115942                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81261.115942                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 109745.525840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109745.525840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 109745.525840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109745.525840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              579.592575                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1010679201                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1733583.535163                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    38.519658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   541.072918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.061730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.867104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     10671311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10671311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     10671311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       10671311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     10671311                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      10671311                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10102819                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10102819                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10102819                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10102819                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10102819                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10102819                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     10671366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10671366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     10671366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     10671366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     10671366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     10671366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 183687.618182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 183687.618182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 183687.618182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 183687.618182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 183687.618182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 183687.618182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8060514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8060514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8060514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8060514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8060514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8060514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 201512.850000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 201512.850000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 201512.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 201512.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 201512.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 201512.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                72187                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              432111736                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                72443                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              5964.851483                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   111.877510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   144.122490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.437022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.562978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     27996256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27996256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     15330803                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15330803                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         7970                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7970                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         7481                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7481                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     43327059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       43327059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     43327059                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      43327059                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       255884                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       255884                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          229                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          229                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       256113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       256113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       256113                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       256113                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  30457554313                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  30457554313                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     20978632                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     20978632                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  30478532945                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  30478532945                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  30478532945                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  30478532945                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     28252140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28252140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     15331032                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15331032                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7970                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7970                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7481                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7481                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     43583172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43583172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     43583172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43583172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 119028.756440                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119028.756440                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91609.746725                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91609.746725                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 119004.240101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119004.240101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 119004.240101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119004.240101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15214                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total           15214                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       183766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       183766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       183926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       183926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       183926                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       183926                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        72118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        72187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        72187                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72187                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7885051455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7885051455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      5212514                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5212514                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7890263969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7890263969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7890263969                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7890263969                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109335.414945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109335.414945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 75543.681159                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75543.681159                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109303.115090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109303.115090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109303.115090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109303.115090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              517.407167                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              982463496                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1892993.248555                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    35.407167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.056742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     10784155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10784155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     10784155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       10784155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     10784155                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      10784155                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8098740                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8098740                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8098740                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8098740                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8098740                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8098740                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     10784202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10784202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     10784202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     10784202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     10784202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     10784202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 172313.617021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172313.617021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 172313.617021                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172313.617021                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 172313.617021                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172313.617021                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6612266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6612266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6612266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6612266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6612266                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6612266                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 178709.891892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178709.891892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 178709.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178709.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 178709.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178709.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                49356                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              166476193                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                49612                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              3355.563029                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   234.024645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    21.975355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.914159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.085841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      7606989                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7606989                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      6442412                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6442412                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        16072                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16072                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14826                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14826                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     14049401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       14049401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     14049401                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      14049401                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       169155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       169155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3717                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3717                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       172872                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       172872                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       172872                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       172872                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  21778749628                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21778749628                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    468552000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    468552000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  22247301628                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22247301628                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  22247301628                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22247301628                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      7776144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7776144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      6446129                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6446129                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        16072                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16072                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        14826                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14826                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     14222273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14222273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     14222273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14222273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021753                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021753                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000577                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000577                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 128750.256439                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128750.256439                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 126056.497175                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126056.497175                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 128692.336688                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 128692.336688                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 128692.336688                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 128692.336688                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       174672                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       174672                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16920                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total           16920                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       119942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       119942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3574                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3574                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       123516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       123516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       123516                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       123516                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        49213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        49356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        49356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5098585116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5098585116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     10158077                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10158077                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5108743193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5108743193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5108743193                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5108743193                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003470                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003470                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003470                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003470                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103602.404162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103602.404162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 71035.503497                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71035.503497                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103508.047512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103508.047512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103508.047512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103508.047512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              493.587954                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              984617807                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1993153.455466                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    38.587954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.061840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.791006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11034246                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11034246                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11034246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       11034246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11034246                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      11034246                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     13458183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13458183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     13458183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13458183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     13458183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13458183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11034299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11034299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11034299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     11034299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11034299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     11034299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 253927.981132                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 253927.981132                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 253927.981132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 253927.981132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 253927.981132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 253927.981132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10191518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10191518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10191518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10191518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10191518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10191518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 261320.974359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 261320.974359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 261320.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 261320.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 261320.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 261320.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                32753                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              158118570                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                33009                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              4790.165409                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.250652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.749348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.911135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.088865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      8804150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8804150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      6537665                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6537665                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        16857                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16857                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        15904                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15904                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15341815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       15341815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15341815                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      15341815                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        83958                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        83958                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1940                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1940                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        85898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        85898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        85898                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        85898                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8905273238                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8905273238                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    132424498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    132424498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9037697736                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9037697736                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9037697736                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9037697736                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      8888108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8888108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      6539605                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6539605                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        16857                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16857                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        15904                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15904                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15427713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15427713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15427713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15427713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000297                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106068.191691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106068.191691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 68260.050515                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68260.050515                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105214.297609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105214.297609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105214.297609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105214.297609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       142245                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 23707.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7316                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            7316                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        51396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        51396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1749                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1749                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        53145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        53145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        53145                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        53145                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        32562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          191                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          191                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        32753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3184627718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3184627718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     15468439                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15468439                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3200096157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3200096157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3200096157                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3200096157                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 97801.969105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97801.969105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 80986.591623                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80986.591623                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 97703.909779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97703.909779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 97703.909779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97703.909779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              494.401285                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              984616049                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1989123.331313                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    39.401285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.063143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.792310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11032488                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11032488                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11032488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       11032488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11032488                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      11032488                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12883525                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12883525                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12883525                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12883525                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     12883525                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12883525                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11032538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11032538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11032538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     11032538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11032538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     11032538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 257670.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 257670.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 257670.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 257670.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 257670.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 257670.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10613414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10613414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10613414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10613414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10613414                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10613414                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 265335.350000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 265335.350000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 265335.350000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 265335.350000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 265335.350000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 265335.350000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                32744                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              158118558                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                33000                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              4791.471455                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.275458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.724542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.911232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.088768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      8801996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8801996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      6539649                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6539649                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        17012                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17012                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        15907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15341645                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       15341645                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15341645                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      15341645                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        84134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        84134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1859                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1859                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        85993                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        85993                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        85993                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        85993                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8966229829                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8966229829                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    129901668                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    129901668                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9096131497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9096131497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9096131497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9096131497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      8886130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8886130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      6541508                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6541508                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        17012                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17012                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        15907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     15427638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15427638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     15427638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15427638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000284                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000284                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106570.825457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106570.825457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 69877.174825                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69877.174825                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105777.580698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105777.580698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105777.580698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105777.580698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       295616                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 42230.857143                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7481                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            7481                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        51576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        51576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1673                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1673                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        53249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        53249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        53249                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        53249                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        32558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        32558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          186                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          186                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        32744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        32744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        32744                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32744                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3192792296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3192792296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     14848476                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14848476                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3207640772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3207640772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3207640772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3207640772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 98064.755083                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98064.755083                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 79830.516129                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79830.516129                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 97961.176765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97961.176765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 97961.176765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97961.176765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              496.310101                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              984618221                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1981123.181087                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    41.310101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.066202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11034660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11034660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11034660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       11034660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11034660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      11034660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     13062928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13062928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     13062928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13062928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     13062928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13062928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11034716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11034716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11034716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     11034716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11034716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     11034716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 233266.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 233266.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 233266.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 233266.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 233266.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 233266.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     10425817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10425817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     10425817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10425817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     10425817                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10425817                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 248233.738095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248233.738095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 248233.738095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248233.738095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 248233.738095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248233.738095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                32689                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              158118038                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                32945                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              4799.454788                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.248498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.751502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.911127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.088873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      8803306                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8803306                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      6537953                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6537953                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        16879                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16879                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        15906                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15906                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15341259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       15341259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15341259                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      15341259                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        83907                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        83907                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1924                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1924                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        85831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        85831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        85831                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        85831                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8911372678                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8911372678                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    132453935                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    132453935                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9043826613                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9043826613                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9043826613                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9043826613                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      8887213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8887213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      6539877                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6539877                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        16879                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16879                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        15906                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15906                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15427090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15427090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15427090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15427090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000294                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000294                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106205.354476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106205.354476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 68843.001559                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68843.001559                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105367.834617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105367.834617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105367.834617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105367.834617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       185056                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets            10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 18505.600000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7257                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            7257                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        51407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        51407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1735                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1735                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        53142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        53142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        53142                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        53142                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        32500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        32500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          189                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          189                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        32689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        32689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        32689                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32689                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3178668008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3178668008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     15134199                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15134199                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3193802207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3193802207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3193802207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3193802207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003657                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003657                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 97805.169477                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97805.169477                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 80075.126984                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80075.126984                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 97702.658601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97702.658601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 97702.658601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97702.658601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              494.319858                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              984618008                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1989127.288889                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    39.319858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.063013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.792179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11034447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11034447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11034447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       11034447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11034447                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      11034447                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     13147808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13147808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     13147808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13147808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     13147808                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13147808                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11034498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11034498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11034498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     11034498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11034498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     11034498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 257800.156863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 257800.156863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 257800.156863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 257800.156863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 257800.156863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 257800.156863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     10555988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10555988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     10555988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10555988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     10555988                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10555988                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 263899.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 263899.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 263899.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 263899.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 263899.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 263899.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                32690                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              158114236                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                32946                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              4799.193711                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   233.274586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    22.725414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.911229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.088771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      8800591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8800591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      6536922                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6536922                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        16828                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16828                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        15901                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15901                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     15337513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       15337513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     15337513                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      15337513                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        83794                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        83794                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1918                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1918                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        85712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        85712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        85712                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        85712                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8917461284                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8917461284                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    130446776                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    130446776                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9047908060                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9047908060                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9047908060                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9047908060                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      8884385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8884385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      6538840                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6538840                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        16828                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16828                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        15901                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15901                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     15423225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15423225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     15423225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15423225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000293                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000293                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106421.238800                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106421.238800                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 68011.874870                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68011.874870                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105561.742346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105561.742346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105561.742346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105561.742346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        97806                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 19561.200000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7514                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            7514                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        51294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        51294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        53022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        53022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        53022                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        53022                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        32500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        32500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          190                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          190                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        32690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        32690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        32690                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32690                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3181696479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3181696479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     14973864                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14973864                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3196670343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3196670343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3196670343                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3196670343                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 97898.353200                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97898.353200                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 78809.810526                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78809.810526                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 97787.407250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97787.407250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 97787.407250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97787.407250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              496.289847                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              984616943                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1981120.609658                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    41.289847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.066170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11033382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11033382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11033382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       11033382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11033382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      11033382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     12681856                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12681856                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     12681856                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12681856                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     12681856                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12681856                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11033433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11033433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11033433                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     11033433                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11033433                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     11033433                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 248663.843137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 248663.843137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 248663.843137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 248663.843137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 248663.843137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 248663.843137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10523253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10523253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10523253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10523253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10523253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10523253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 250553.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250553.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 250553.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250553.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 250553.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250553.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                32762                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              158120959                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                33018                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              4788.932067                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.249314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.750686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.911130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.088870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      8803454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8803454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      6540579                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6540579                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        17020                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17020                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        15912                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15912                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     15344033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       15344033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     15344033                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      15344033                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        84016                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        84016                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1951                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1951                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        85967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        85967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        85967                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        85967                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8921561630                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8921561630                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    136930904                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    136930904                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9058492534                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9058492534                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9058492534                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9058492534                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      8887470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8887470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      6542530                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6542530                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        17020                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17020                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        15912                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15912                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     15430000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15430000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     15430000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15430000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000298                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000298                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106188.840578                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106188.840578                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 70184.984111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70184.984111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105371.741878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105371.741878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105371.741878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105371.741878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       437204                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 48578.222222                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7379                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            7379                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        51445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        51445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1760                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1760                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        53205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        53205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        53205                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        53205                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        32571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        32571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          191                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          191                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        32762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        32762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        32762                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32762                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3185283551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3185283551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     15636537                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15636537                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3200920088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3200920088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3200920088                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3200920088                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 97795.080010                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97795.080010                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 81866.685864                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81866.685864                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 97702.218668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97702.218668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 97702.218668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97702.218668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              579.592965                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1010677018                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1730611.332192                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    39.548277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   540.044688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.063379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.865456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10669128                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10669128                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10669128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       10669128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10669128                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      10669128                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9955092                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9955092                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9955092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9955092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9955092                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9955092                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10669181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10669181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10669181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     10669181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10669181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     10669181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 187831.924528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 187831.924528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 187831.924528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 187831.924528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 187831.924528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 187831.924528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8408881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8408881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8408881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8408881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8408881                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8408881                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 205094.658537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 205094.658537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 205094.658537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 205094.658537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 205094.658537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 205094.658537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                72200                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              432113203                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                72456                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              5963.801521                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   111.877750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   144.122250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.437022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.562978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     27998006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27998006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15331001                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15331001                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         7490                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7490                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         7480                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7480                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     43329007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       43329007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     43329007                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      43329007                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       255602                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       255602                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          230                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          230                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       255832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       255832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       255832                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       255832                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  30487917993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  30487917993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     22887448                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     22887448                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  30510805441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  30510805441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  30510805441                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  30510805441                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     28253608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28253608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15331231                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15331231                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7490                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7490                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7480                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7480                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     43584839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43584839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     43584839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43584839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 119278.871030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119278.871030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 99510.643478                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99510.643478                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 119261.098850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119261.098850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 119261.098850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119261.098850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13997                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           13997                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       183471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       183471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       183632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       183632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       183632                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       183632                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        72131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        72200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        72200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7924463828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7924463828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      5658174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5658174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7930122002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7930122002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7930122002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7930122002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 109862.109606                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109862.109606                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 82002.521739                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82002.521739                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 109835.484792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109835.484792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 109835.484792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109835.484792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              497.976152                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              984618292                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  499                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1973182.949900                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    42.976152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.068872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.798039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11034731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11034731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11034731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       11034731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11034731                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      11034731                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     13825719                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13825719                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     13825719                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13825719                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     13825719                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13825719                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11034787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11034787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11034787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     11034787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11034787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     11034787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 246887.839286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 246887.839286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 246887.839286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 246887.839286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 246887.839286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 246887.839286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     10875159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10875159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     10875159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10875159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     10875159                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10875159                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 247162.704545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247162.704545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 247162.704545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247162.704545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 247162.704545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247162.704545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                32736                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              158116674                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                32992                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              4792.576200                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   233.249319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    22.750681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.911130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.088870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      8801769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8801769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      6538146                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6538146                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        16859                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16859                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        15906                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15906                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     15339915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       15339915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     15339915                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      15339915                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        83974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        83974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1931                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1931                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        85905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        85905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        85905                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        85905                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8903471630                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8903471630                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    133364670                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    133364670                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9036836300                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9036836300                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9036836300                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9036836300                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      8885743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8885743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      6540077                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6540077                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        16859                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16859                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        15906                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15906                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15425820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15425820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15425820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15425820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000295                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106026.527616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106026.527616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 69065.080269                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69065.080269                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105195.696409                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105195.696409                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105195.696409                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105195.696409                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       243154                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets            10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 24315.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7435                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            7435                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        51428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        51428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1741                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1741                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        53169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        53169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        53169                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        53169                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        32546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          190                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          190                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        32736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32736                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32736                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3177986429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3177986429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     15334846                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15334846                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3193321275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3193321275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3193321275                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3193321275                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 97645.991182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97645.991182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 80709.715789                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80709.715789                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 97547.692907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97547.692907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 97547.692907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97547.692907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              528.987240                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              987011092                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1862285.079245                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    38.987240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.062480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     10907577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10907577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     10907577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       10907577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     10907577                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      10907577                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7711870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7711870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7711870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7711870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7711870                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7711870                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     10907627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10907627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     10907627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     10907627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     10907627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     10907627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154237.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154237.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154237.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154237.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154237.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154237.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6427420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6427420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6427420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6427420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6427420                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6427420                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 160685.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160685.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 160685.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160685.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 160685.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160685.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                64195                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              175168915                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                64451                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              2717.861864                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   234.300035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    21.699965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.915235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.084765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      7560905                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7560905                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      6264203                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6264203                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        17567                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17567                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        14615                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14615                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     13825108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       13825108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     13825108                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      13825108                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       163222                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       163222                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          723                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          723                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       163945                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       163945                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       163945                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       163945                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  19668475093                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19668475093                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     62213964                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     62213964                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  19730689057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19730689057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  19730689057                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19730689057                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      7724127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7724127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      6264926                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6264926                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        17567                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17567                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        14615                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14615                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     13989053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13989053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     13989053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13989053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.021131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.011720                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011720                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.011720                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011720                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 120501.372934                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120501.372934                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 86049.742739                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86049.742739                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 120349.440709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120349.440709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 120349.440709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120349.440709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8261                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            8261                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        99146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        99146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          604                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          604                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        99750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        99750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        99750                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        99750                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        64076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        64076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        64195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        64195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   6931337498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6931337498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      8032223                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8032223                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   6939369721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6939369721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   6939369721                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6939369721                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108173.692147                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108173.692147                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 67497.672269                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67497.672269                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108098.289914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108098.289914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108098.289914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108098.289914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              578.650709                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1010680121                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1736563.781787                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    37.620882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.029828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.060290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.867035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.927325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10672231                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10672231                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10672231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       10672231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10672231                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      10672231                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9770771                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9770771                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9770771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9770771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9770771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9770771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10672280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10672280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10672280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     10672280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10672280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     10672280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 199403.489796                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 199403.489796                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 199403.489796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 199403.489796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 199403.489796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 199403.489796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8267410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8267410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8267410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8267410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8267410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8267410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 211984.871795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 211984.871795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 211984.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 211984.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 211984.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 211984.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                72240                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              432123871                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                72496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              5960.658119                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   111.878047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   144.121953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.437024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.562976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     28004753                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      28004753                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     15334916                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15334916                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         7494                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7494                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         7482                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7482                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     43339669                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       43339669                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     43339669                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      43339669                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       255539                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       255539                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          227                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          227                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       255766                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       255766                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       255766                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       255766                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  30400851258                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  30400851258                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     20272425                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     20272425                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  30421123683                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  30421123683                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  30421123683                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  30421123683                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     28260292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28260292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     15335143                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15335143                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7494                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7494                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7482                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7482                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     43595435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43595435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     43595435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43595435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005867                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005867                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 118967.559778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118967.559778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 89305.837004                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89305.837004                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 118941.234109                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118941.234109                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 118941.234109                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118941.234109                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15023                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           15023                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       183368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       183368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       183526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       183526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       183526                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       183526                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        72171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        72240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        72240                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72240                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7885115790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7885115790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      5021485                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5021485                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7890137275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7890137275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7890137275                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7890137275                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109256.014050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109256.014050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 72775.144928                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72775.144928                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109221.169366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109221.169366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109221.169366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109221.169366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              494.481602                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              984620137                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1989131.589899                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    39.481602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.063272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.792438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11036576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11036576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11036576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       11036576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11036576                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      11036576                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     12477157                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12477157                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     12477157                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12477157                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     12477157                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12477157                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11036626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11036626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11036626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     11036626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11036626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     11036626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 249543.140000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 249543.140000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 249543.140000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 249543.140000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 249543.140000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 249543.140000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10049636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10049636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10049636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10049636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10049636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10049636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 251240.900000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 251240.900000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 251240.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 251240.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 251240.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 251240.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                32691                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              158118641                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                32947                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              4799.181746                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   233.248838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    22.751162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.911128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.088872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      8803027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8803027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      6538630                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6538630                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        17084                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17084                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        15906                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15906                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15341657                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       15341657                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15341657                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      15341657                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        83847                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        83847                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1906                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1906                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        85753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        85753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        85753                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        85753                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8862841265                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8862841265                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    130563356                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    130563356                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8993404621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8993404621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8993404621                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8993404621                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      8886874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8886874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      6540536                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6540536                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        17084                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17084                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        15906                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15906                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15427410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15427410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15427410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15427410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105702.544695                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105702.544695                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 68501.236097                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68501.236097                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104875.685061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104875.685061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104875.685061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104875.685061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        92058                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        30686                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7484                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            7484                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        51346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        51346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1716                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1716                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        53062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        53062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        53062                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        53062                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        32501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          190                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          190                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        32691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3163645019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3163645019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     15004971                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15004971                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3178649990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3178649990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3178649990                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3178649990                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003657                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003657                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 97339.928587                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97339.928587                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 78973.531579                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78973.531579                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 97233.183139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97233.183139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 97233.183139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97233.183139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              520.550165                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              982464212                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1882115.348659                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    38.550165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.061779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     10784871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10784871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     10784871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       10784871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     10784871                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      10784871                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8153589                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8153589                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8153589                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8153589                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8153589                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8153589                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     10784919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10784919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     10784919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     10784919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     10784919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     10784919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 169866.437500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169866.437500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 169866.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169866.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 169866.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169866.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6925569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6925569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6925569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6925569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6925569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6925569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 173139.225000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173139.225000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 173139.225000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173139.225000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 173139.225000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173139.225000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                49209                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              166482312                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                49465                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              3365.658789                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   234.016840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    21.983160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.914128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.085872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      7613920                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7613920                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      6441587                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6441587                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        16088                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16088                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        14823                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14823                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     14055507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       14055507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     14055507                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      14055507                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       168978                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       168978                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3727                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3727                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       172705                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       172705                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       172705                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       172705                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  21734181569                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21734181569                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    467228271                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    467228271                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  22201409840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22201409840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  22201409840                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22201409840                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      7782898                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7782898                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      6445314                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6445314                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        16088                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16088                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        14823                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14823                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     14228212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14228212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     14228212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14228212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021711                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021711                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000578                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000578                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 128621.368279                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128621.368279                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 125363.099276                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125363.099276                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 128551.054341                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 128551.054341                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 128551.054341                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 128551.054341                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16824                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total           16824                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       119912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       119912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3584                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3584                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       123496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       123496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       123496                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       123496                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        49066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        49209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        49209                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49209                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5080064306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5080064306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     10054045                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10054045                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5090118351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5090118351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5090118351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5090118351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003459                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003459                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003459                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003459                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103535.326010                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103535.326010                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 70308.006993                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70308.006993                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103438.768335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103438.768335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103438.768335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103438.768335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              528.679727                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              987014340                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1862291.207547                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    38.679727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.061987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10910825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10910825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10910825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       10910825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10910825                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      10910825                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7644130                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7644130                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7644130                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7644130                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7644130                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7644130                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10910876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10910876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10910876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     10910876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10910876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     10910876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149884.901961                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 149884.901961                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149884.901961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 149884.901961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149884.901961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 149884.901961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6300943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6300943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6300943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6300943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6300943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6300943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 157523.575000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157523.575000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 157523.575000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157523.575000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 157523.575000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157523.575000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                64270                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              175172486                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                64526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              2714.758175                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   234.296079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    21.703921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.915219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.084781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7563458                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7563458                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      6265179                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6265179                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        17608                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17608                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14616                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14616                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     13828637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       13828637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     13828637                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      13828637                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       163589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       163589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          721                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          721                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       164310                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       164310                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       164310                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       164310                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  19651916580                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19651916580                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     62330769                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     62330769                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  19714247349                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19714247349                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  19714247349                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19714247349                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7727047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7727047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      6265900                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6265900                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        17608                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17608                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        14616                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14616                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     13992947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13992947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     13992947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13992947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021171                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021171                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 120129.816675                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120129.816675                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 86450.442441                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86450.442441                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 119982.029998                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119982.029998                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 119982.029998                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119982.029998                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8254                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            8254                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        99438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        99438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          602                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          602                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       100040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       100040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       100040                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       100040                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        64151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        64151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        64270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        64270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   6929723821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6929723821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      8050691                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8050691                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   6937774512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6937774512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   6937774512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6937774512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 108022.070131                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108022.070131                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 67652.865546                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67652.865546                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107947.323977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107947.323977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107947.323977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107947.323977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              518.168452                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              981402121                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1890948.210019                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    43.168452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.069180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     10951759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10951759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     10951759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       10951759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     10951759                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      10951759                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8024801                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8024801                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8024801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8024801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8024801                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8024801                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     10951811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10951811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     10951811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     10951811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     10951811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     10951811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154323.096154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154323.096154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154323.096154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154323.096154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154323.096154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154323.096154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6849645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6849645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6849645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6849645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6849645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6849645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 155673.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155673.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 155673.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155673.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 155673.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155673.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                36504                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              160531494                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                36760                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              4367.015615                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   233.747473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    22.252527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.913076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.086924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      7541922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7541922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      6346332                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6346332                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        16639                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16639                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        15284                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15284                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     13888254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       13888254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     13888254                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      13888254                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       116709                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       116709                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          806                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          806                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       117515                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       117515                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       117515                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       117515                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  14235487212                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14235487212                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     70002818                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     70002818                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  14305490030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14305490030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  14305490030                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14305490030                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      7658631                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7658631                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      6347138                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6347138                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        16639                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16639                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        15284                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15284                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     14005769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14005769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     14005769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14005769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.015239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 121974.202606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121974.202606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 86852.131514                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86852.131514                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 121733.310896                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121733.310896                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 121733.310896                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121733.310896                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7664                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            7664                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        80343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        80343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          668                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          668                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        81011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        81011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        81011                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        81011                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        36366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        36504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        36504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3708245609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3708245609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      9259560                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9259560                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3717505169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3717505169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3717505169                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3717505169                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101970.126189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101970.126189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 67098.260870                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67098.260870                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101838.296324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101838.296324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101838.296324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101838.296324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
