
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001033                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1032505761                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               398760857016                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 300162                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   395313                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  26714                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67618532                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 38649.67                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11601166146                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15278709030                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        14336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        71168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        20992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        25088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        24192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        12928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        17664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        14080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        24320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        19840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        47232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        20864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        47616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        18048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        23424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        17280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               455808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           36736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       170624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            170624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          112                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          556                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          164                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          189                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          101                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          138                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          110                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          190                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          155                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          369                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          163                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          372                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          141                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          183                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          135                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  3561                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1333                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1333                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3347197                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     13884668                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1611613                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     68927460                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1859554                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     20331121                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1611613                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     24298170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1611613                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     23430378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3223227                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     12520996                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      3347197                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     17107895                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3347197                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     13636728                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1611613                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     23554348                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1859554                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     19215389                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1735584                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     45745023                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1859554                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     20207151                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1735584                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     46116934                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1859554                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     17479806                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1611613                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     22686556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3347197                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     16735984                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               441458070                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3347197                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1611613                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1859554                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1611613                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1611613                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3223227                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      3347197                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3347197                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1611613                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1859554                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1735584                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1859554                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1735584                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1859554                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1611613                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3347197                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           35579462                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         165252347                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              165252347                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         165252347                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      3347197                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     13884668                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1611613                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     68927460                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1859554                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     20331121                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      1611613                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     24298170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      1611613                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     23430378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      3223227                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     12520996                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      3347197                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     17107895                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      3347197                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     13636728                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1611613                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     23554348                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      1859554                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     19215389                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1735584                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     45745023                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1859554                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     20207151                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      1735584                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     46116934                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1859554                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     17479806                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1611613                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     22686556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      3347197                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     16735984                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              606710416                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2476034                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         224914                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       187221                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21917                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84842                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80034                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23739                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          976                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1945024                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1233419                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            224914                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       103773                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              256372                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         61889                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        60895                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          122199                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20842                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2302057                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.659184                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.038957                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2045685     88.86%     88.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          15540      0.68%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          19803      0.86%     90.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          31352      1.36%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          12679      0.55%     92.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          16715      0.73%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          19571      0.85%     93.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7           9136      0.40%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         131576      5.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2302057                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.090836                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.498143                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1933623                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles        73696                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          255075                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          109                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        39548                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        34103                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          219                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1506796                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1283                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        39548                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1936039                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles          5360                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        62547                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          252745                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles         5813                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1496680                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents          668                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         4115                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2090984                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6955826                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6955826                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1718824                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         372132                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          355                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          185                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           21179                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       141706                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        72397                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          802                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        15999                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1459627                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          357                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1389565                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1820                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195881                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       416248                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2302057                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.603619                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1714893     74.49%     74.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       266197     11.56%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110263      4.79%     90.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61685      2.68%     93.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82925      3.60%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26141      1.14%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25403      1.10%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13436      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1114      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2302057                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9714     78.80%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1357     11.01%     89.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1257     10.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1170658     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18843      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127879      9.20%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72015      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1389565                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.561206                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12328                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008872                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5095335                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1655885                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1351335                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1401893                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          986                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29998                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1490                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        39548                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles          4070                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles          488                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1459986                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1142                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       141706                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72397                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          407                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12205                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12735                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        24940                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1364145                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125307                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25420                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             197276                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         192504                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            71969                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.550940                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1351372                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1351335                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          809722                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2176580                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.545766                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372016                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000005                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1232105                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       227874                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        21890                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2262509                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544575                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364073                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1740485     76.93%     76.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       264984     11.71%     88.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95904      4.24%     92.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47804      2.11%     94.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43604      1.93%     96.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18394      0.81%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18220      0.81%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8717      0.39%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24397      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2262509                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1232105                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               182615                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              111708                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           178645                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1109201                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        25420                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        24397                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3698078                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2959523                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 30977                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                173977                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1232105                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.476022                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.476022                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.403874                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.403874                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6134581                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1890536                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1391778                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2476030                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         193889                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       158106                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20326                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        78692                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73396                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19310                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          892                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1874866                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1146454                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            193889                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        92706                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              235055                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         63568                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        58739                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          117043                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20398                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2211170                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.630326                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.998510                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        1976115     89.37%     89.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          12345      0.56%     89.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          19659      0.89%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          29645      1.34%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          12336      0.56%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          14544      0.66%     93.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          15144      0.68%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          10825      0.49%     94.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         120557      5.45%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2211170                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.078306                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.463021                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1851629                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        82650                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          233384                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1313                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        42193                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        31487                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          320                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1389903                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1090                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        42193                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1856251                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         39563                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        28850                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          230190                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        14120                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1386689                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          888                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         2479                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         6961                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1323                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1898538                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      6464065                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      6464065                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1567219                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         331319                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          298                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          155                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           41057                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       139901                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        77638                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3890                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        14945                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1381823                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          297                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1290145                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1883                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       210241                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       486665                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2211170                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.583467                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268340                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1662208     75.17%     75.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       222091     10.04%     85.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123139      5.57%     90.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        80987      3.66%     94.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        73973      3.35%     97.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        22869      1.03%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16454      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5738      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3711      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2211170                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           382     12.05%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1289     40.65%     52.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1500     47.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1062596     82.36%     82.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23755      1.84%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          143      0.01%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127510      9.88%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        76141      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1290145                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.521054                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3171                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002458                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4796514                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1592427                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1266632                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1293316                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6153                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29016                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           67                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5039                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1036                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        42193                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         29675                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1631                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1382120                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           45                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       139901                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77638                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          155                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          929                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           35                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           67                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10794                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12653                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        23447                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1271305                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       120700                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18840                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             196706                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         172460                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            76006                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.513445                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1266721                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1266632                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          749904                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1902643                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.511558                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.394138                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       938791                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1144926                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       238306                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          284                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        20690                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2168977                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.527865                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.379253                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1705397     78.63%     78.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       220678     10.17%     88.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91364      4.21%     93.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47124      2.17%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        35064      1.62%     96.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19957      0.92%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12350      0.57%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10337      0.48%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26706      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2168977                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       938791                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1144926                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               183484                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              110885                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               142                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           159017                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1035117                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        22341                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        26706                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3525503                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2808664                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 33264                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                264860                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            938791                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1144926                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       938791                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.637467                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.637467                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.379152                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.379152                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        5769599                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1731822                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1316748                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          284                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2476034                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         200809                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164495                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21477                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82752                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76761                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20411                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          948                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1926524                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1148399                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            200809                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches        97172                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              251174                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         61496                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        58346                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          120277                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21272                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2275719                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617833                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.972631                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2024545     88.96%     88.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          26458      1.16%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          30960      1.36%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          17169      0.75%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          19545      0.86%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          11083      0.49%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           7593      0.33%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          19951      0.88%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         118415      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2275719                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.081101                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.463806                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        1910891                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        74531                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          249111                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         1853                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        39329                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        32595                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          346                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1401663                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1877                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        39329                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        1914142                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         13878                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        52054                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          247750                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         8562                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1400105                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         1941                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         4168                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1948184                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      6518270                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      6518270                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1634041                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         314053                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          360                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          201                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           24857                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       134079                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        71955                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1672                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        15818                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1396841                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1312167                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1847                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       191785                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       444110                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           41                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2275719                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576594                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269005                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1724337     75.77%     75.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       221280      9.72%     85.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118902      5.22%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82218      3.61%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72506      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        37200      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8891      0.39%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6021      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4364      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2275719                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           343     11.32%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1365     45.05%     56.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1322     43.63%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1099080     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20480      1.56%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          159      0.01%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       121025      9.22%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71423      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1312167                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.529947                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3030                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002309                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4904930                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1589021                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1288581                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1315197                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3346                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25927                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           34                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1996                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           80                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        39329                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles          9842                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1010                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1397203                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           30                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       134079                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        71955                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          201                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          699                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           34                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11777                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12496                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        24273                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1291379                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       113302                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20788                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             184704                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         179634                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            71402                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.521551                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1288654                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1288581                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          767278                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         2011602                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.520421                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381426                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts       959231                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1176871                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       220257                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          320                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        21453                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2236390                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526237                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1755829     78.51%     78.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       222955      9.97%     88.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93430      4.18%     92.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55734      2.49%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38800      1.73%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25154      1.12%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13322      0.60%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10376      0.46%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20790      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2236390                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts       959231                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1176871                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               178087                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              108138                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           168363                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1061071                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        23948                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        20790                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3612728                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2833671                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 31498                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                200315                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts            959231                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1176871                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total       959231                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.581270                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.581270                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.387406                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.387406                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        5824079                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1791588                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1306087                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          320                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2476034                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         192832                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       169558                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17579                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       118508                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         115088                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12616                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          571                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1973048                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1092811                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            192832                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       127704                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              241004                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         57099                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        28516                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          121441                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17099                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2281996                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.544243                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.811804                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2040992     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          33965      1.49%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          19934      0.87%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          33236      1.46%     93.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          12560      0.55%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          30455      1.33%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           5492      0.24%     95.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7           9944      0.44%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8          95418      4.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2281996                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077879                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.441355                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        1957328                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        44944                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          240362                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          292                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        39066                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        20392                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          362                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1237707                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1417                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        39066                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        1959441                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         23755                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        15145                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          238378                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         6207                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1235202                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1009                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         4477                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1637448                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      5622490                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      5622490                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1292109                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         345319                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          174                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts           86                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           16494                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       208151                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        39107                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          396                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores         8829                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1226528                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          172                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1136291                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1122                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       243879                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       516500                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2281996                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.497937                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.123399                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1788214     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       161778      7.09%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       154734      6.78%     92.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        93142      4.08%     96.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        52994      2.32%     98.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        14232      0.62%     99.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16155      0.71%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          423      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          324      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2281996                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2220     59.09%     59.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     59.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     59.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     59.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     59.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     59.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     59.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     59.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     59.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     59.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead          841     22.38%     81.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          696     18.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       900728     79.27%     79.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9693      0.85%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       187160     16.47%     96.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        38622      3.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1136291                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.458916                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3757                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003306                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4559455                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1470588                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1104214                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1140048                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1107                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        47478                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1365                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        39066                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         17551                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles          817                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1226700                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           49                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       208151                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        39107                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           86                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          460                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           20                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10347                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8317                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        18664                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1118890                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       183738                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17399                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             222352                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         167947                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            38614                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.451888                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1104682                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1104214                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          665024                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1512047                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.445961                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.439817                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts       859333                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps       979987                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       246741                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          172                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        17303                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2242930                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.436923                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296792                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1871020     83.42%     83.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       150712      6.72%     90.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91767      4.09%     94.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        30123      1.34%     95.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47234      2.11%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        10257      0.46%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6738      0.30%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5909      0.26%     98.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        29170      1.30%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2242930                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts       859333                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps       979987                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               198410                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              160668                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           149089                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts          860270                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        13423                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        29170                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3440488                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2492561                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 44849                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                194038                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            859333                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps              979987                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total       859333                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.881344                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.881344                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.347060                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.347060                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        5173745                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1455424                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1286032                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2476034                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         193096                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       169921                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17432                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       118262                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         115239                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12535                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          537                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1975041                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1095105                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            193096                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       127774                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              241370                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         56729                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        28463                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          121392                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16942                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2284079                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.544718                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.812790                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2042709     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          34038      1.49%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          19979      0.87%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          33309      1.46%     93.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          12300      0.54%     93.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          30646      1.34%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           5541      0.24%     95.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7           9875      0.43%     95.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8          95682      4.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2284079                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077986                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.442282                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        1960011                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        44204                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          240708                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          309                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        38843                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        20285                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          362                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1239936                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1417                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        38843                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        1962042                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         23066                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        15280                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          238777                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         6067                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1237393                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         1051                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         4278                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1640016                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      5632190                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      5632190                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1295359                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         344631                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          174                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts           86                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           16610                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       208543                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        39119                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          433                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores         8826                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1228446                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          172                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1138727                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1148                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       243118                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       513983                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2284079                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.498550                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.124319                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1789544     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       161518      7.07%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       155481      6.81%     92.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        93408      4.09%     96.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        52789      2.31%     98.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        14268      0.62%     99.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16317      0.71%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          407      0.02%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          347      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2284079                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2257     59.38%     59.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     59.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     59.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     59.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     59.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     59.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     59.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     59.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     59.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     59.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead          843     22.18%     81.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          701     18.44%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       902345     79.24%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9712      0.85%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       187932     16.50%     96.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        38650      3.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1138727                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.459900                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3801                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003338                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4566480                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1471746                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1106564                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1142528                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1109                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        47048                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1375                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        38843                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         17238                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles          799                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1228618                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           62                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       208543                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        39119                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           86                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          472                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           21                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10254                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8323                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        18577                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1121200                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       184449                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17525                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             223088                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         168224                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            38639                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.452821                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1107035                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1106564                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          666976                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         1515714                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.446910                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.440041                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts       862091                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps       982745                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       245898                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          172                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        17156                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2245236                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.437702                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298660                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1872657     83.41%     83.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       150784      6.72%     90.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        92008      4.10%     94.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        30235      1.35%     95.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47263      2.11%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        10273      0.46%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6683      0.30%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5939      0.26%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        29394      1.31%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2245236                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts       862091                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps       982745                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               199233                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              161489                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           149558                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts          862561                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        13424                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        29394                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3444485                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2496173                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 44681                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                191955                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts            862091                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps              982745                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total       862091                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.872126                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.872126                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.348174                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.348174                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        5185646                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1458069                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1289096                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2476034                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         225066                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       187322                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21901                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84806                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80083                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23835                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          985                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1946281                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1234051                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            225066                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       103918                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              256518                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         61948                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        60119                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          122281                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20844                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2302761                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.659479                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.039265                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2046243     88.86%     88.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          15540      0.67%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          19708      0.86%     90.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          31334      1.36%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          12681      0.55%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          16916      0.73%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          19580      0.85%     93.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7           9191      0.40%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         131568      5.71%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2302761                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.090898                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.498398                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1934949                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        72820                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          255244                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          118                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        39624                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        34154                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          220                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1508139                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1283                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        39624                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1937383                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles          5481                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        61572                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          252908                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         5788                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1498031                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents          687                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         4080                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      2092607                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6962438                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6962438                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1720321                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         372257                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          356                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          186                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           21286                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       141958                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        72523                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          775                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        16091                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1460866                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          358                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1390697                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1826                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       196435                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       417428                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2302761                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.603926                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326449                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1714934     74.47%     74.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       266905     11.59%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110120      4.78%     90.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61571      2.67%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        83043      3.61%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26147      1.14%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25467      1.11%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13462      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1112      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2302761                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9719     78.82%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1356     11.00%     89.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1256     10.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1171374     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18830      1.35%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       128194      9.22%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72129      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1390697                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.561663                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12331                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008867                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5098308                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1657679                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1352354                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1403028                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          932                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30160                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1565                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        39624                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles          4149                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles          505                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1461225                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1070                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       141958                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72523                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          186                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          427                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12183                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12741                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        24924                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1365136                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125444                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25557                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             197533                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         192591                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            72089                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.551340                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1352391                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1352354                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          810033                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         2177345                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.546177                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372028                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000849                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1233142                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       228079                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        21872                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2263137                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544882                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364189                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1740632     76.91%     76.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       265234     11.72%     88.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96034      4.24%     92.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47628      2.10%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43850      1.94%     96.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18462      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18206      0.80%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8718      0.39%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24373      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2263137                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      1000849                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1233142                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               182756                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              111798                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           178797                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1110130                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        25441                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        24373                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3699972                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2962088                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 30918                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                173273                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           1000849                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1233142                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      1000849                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.473934                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.473934                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.404215                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.404215                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        6139518                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1891721                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1392667                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2476034                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         204602                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167391                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21635                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82036                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          77981                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20643                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          984                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1957607                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1143676                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            204602                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        98624                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              237083                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         60011                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        45318                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          121364                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21519                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2278136                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616493                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964249                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2041053     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          10907      0.48%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          16935      0.74%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          22944      1.01%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          24481      1.07%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          20783      0.91%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          10910      0.48%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          17436      0.77%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         112687      4.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2278136                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.082633                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.461898                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1937917                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        65447                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          236507                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          364                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        37897                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        33508                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          207                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1401312                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1265                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        37897                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1943636                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         14271                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        38594                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          231182                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        12552                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1400274                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         1639                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         5518                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1955014                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      6508472                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      6508472                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1663835                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         291137                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          335                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          172                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           39239                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       131696                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        70022                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads          814                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        33315                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1397726                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          336                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1317608                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          269                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       172320                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       417105                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2278136                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578371                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.262065                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1708723     75.01%     75.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       243570     10.69%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       121110      5.32%     91.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82827      3.64%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        66034      2.90%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27657      1.21%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17787      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9230      0.41%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1198      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2278136                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           314     13.19%     13.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead          875     36.76%     49.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1191     50.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1108944     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19579      1.49%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          163      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       119178      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69744      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1317608                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.532145                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2380                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001806                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4916000                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1570400                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1295755                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1319988                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2813                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23584                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           19                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1269                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        37897                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         11473                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1170                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1398069                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       131696                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        70022                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          172                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          974                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           19                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11652                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12826                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        24478                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1297801                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       112026                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19806                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             181751                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         184028                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            69725                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.524145                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1295834                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1295755                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          744899                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         2007154                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.523319                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.371122                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       969721                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1193250                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       204791                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          329                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        21684                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2240239                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532644                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.360531                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1739644     77.65%     77.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       253675     11.32%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90442      4.04%     93.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43325      1.93%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43776      1.95%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21494      0.96%     97.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14270      0.64%     98.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8382      0.37%     98.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25231      1.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2240239                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       969721                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1193250                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               176862                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              108109                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           172051                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1075100                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        24566                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        25231                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3613036                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2834016                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 31390                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                197898                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            969721                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1193250                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       969721                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.553347                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.553347                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.391643                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.391643                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        5837906                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1807151                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1298460                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2476034                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         224763                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       187042                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21875                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84678                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79946                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23757                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          986                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1946229                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1232999                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            224763                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       103703                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              256260                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         61748                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        60958                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          122195                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20791                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2303115                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.658638                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.038256                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2046855     88.87%     88.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          15537      0.67%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          19766      0.86%     90.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          31388      1.36%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          12622      0.55%     92.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          16706      0.73%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          19568      0.85%     93.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7           9124      0.40%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         131549      5.71%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2303115                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.090775                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.497973                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1934882                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles        73694                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          254974                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          109                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        39450                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        34131                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          219                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1506270                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1283                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        39450                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1937318                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles          5395                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        62563                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          252627                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         5757                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1496093                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents          663                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         4078                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2090250                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6952917                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6952917                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1719862                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         370374                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          356                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          186                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           21064                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       141602                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        72512                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          787                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        16080                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1459386                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          358                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1389535                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1834                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195050                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       414856                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2303115                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.603329                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.325775                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1715564     74.49%     74.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       266889     11.59%     86.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110117      4.78%     90.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61589      2.67%     93.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82871      3.60%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26058      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25443      1.10%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13459      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1125      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2303115                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9738     78.86%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1355     10.97%     89.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1256     10.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1170441     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18842      1.36%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127983      9.21%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72099      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1389535                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.561194                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12349                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008887                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5096368                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1654815                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1351599                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1401884                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          929                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29826                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1572                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        39450                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles          4097                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles          517                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1459745                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1079                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       141602                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72512                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          186                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          436                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12189                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12685                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        24874                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1364362                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125400                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25173                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             197464                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         192583                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            72064                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.551027                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1351634                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1351599                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          809342                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2174382                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.545873                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372217                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000598                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1232835                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       226913                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        21847                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2263665                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544619                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.363871                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1741260     76.92%     76.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       265163     11.71%     88.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96025      4.24%     92.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47730      2.11%     94.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43754      1.93%     96.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18455      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18175      0.80%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8733      0.39%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24370      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2263665                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1000598                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1232835                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               182716                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              111776                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           178759                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1109847                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        25433                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        24370                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3699030                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2958952                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 30908                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                172919                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1000598                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1232835                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1000598                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.474554                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.474554                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.404113                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.404113                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6135654                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1890612                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1391568                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2476034                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         192860                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       169598                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17648                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       117856                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         114820                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12590                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          561                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1973425                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1093434                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            192860                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       127410                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              240913                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         57378                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        28047                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          121464                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17142                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2282021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.544552                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.812640                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2041108     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          33787      1.48%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          20014      0.88%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          33105      1.45%     93.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          12524      0.55%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          30452      1.33%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6           5512      0.24%     95.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          10031      0.44%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8          95488      4.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2282021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077891                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.441607                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1957903                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        44293                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          240250                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          295                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        39276                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        20359                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          360                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1238369                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1409                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        39276                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1959975                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         22773                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        15601                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          238283                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         6109                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1235801                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         1006                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         4391                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1637817                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      5625719                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      5625719                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1291708                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         346083                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          174                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts           86                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           16396                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       208501                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        39151                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads          423                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores         8835                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1227101                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          172                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1136477                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1164                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       244944                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       519610                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2282021                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.498013                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.123919                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1788343     78.37%     78.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       161803      7.09%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       154593      6.77%     92.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92870      4.07%     96.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        53199      2.33%     98.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        14309      0.63%     99.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16135      0.71%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          425      0.02%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          344      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2282021                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2251     59.33%     59.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     59.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     59.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     59.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     59.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     59.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     59.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     59.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     59.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     59.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead          847     22.32%     81.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          696     18.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       900630     79.25%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9709      0.85%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       187427     16.49%     96.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        38623      3.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1136477                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.458991                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3794                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003338                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4559933                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1472228                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1104108                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1140271                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1082                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        47924                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           11                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1409                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        39276                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         16619                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles          836                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1227273                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           58                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       208501                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        39151                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           86                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          493                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           17                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           11                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10359                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8429                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        18788                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1118900                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       183875                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17577                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             222489                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         167868                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            38614                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.451892                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1104617                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1104108                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          665203                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1512518                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.445918                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.439798                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       858996                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps       979650                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       247650                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          172                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        17374                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2242745                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.436808                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296597                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1871045     83.43%     83.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       150512      6.71%     90.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91753      4.09%     94.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        30144      1.34%     95.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47220      2.11%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        10288      0.46%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6723      0.30%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5938      0.26%     98.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        29122      1.30%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2242745                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       858996                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps       979650                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               198312                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              160570                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           149035                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts          859987                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        13423                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        29122                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3440923                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2493923                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 44933                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                194013                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            858996                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps              979650                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       858996                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.882474                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.882474                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.346924                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.346924                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        5173826                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1455220                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1286681                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2476034                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         200993                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164654                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21500                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82838                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76832                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20428                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          948                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1928278                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1149452                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            200993                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches        97260                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              251411                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         61567                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        56280                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          120388                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21293                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2275692                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.618411                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.973457                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2024281     88.95%     88.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          26485      1.16%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          30994      1.36%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          17183      0.76%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          19566      0.86%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          11092      0.49%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           7597      0.33%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          19968      0.88%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         118526      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2275692                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.081175                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.464231                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1912646                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        72464                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          249346                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1855                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        39377                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        32620                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          346                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1402958                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1877                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        39377                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1915899                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         13788                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        50078                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          247986                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         8560                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1401402                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         1943                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         4162                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1950011                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6524303                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6524303                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1635561                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         314450                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          360                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          201                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           24847                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       134195                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        72003                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1672                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        15834                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1398124                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1313373                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1845                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       192051                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       444804                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           41                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2275692                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577131                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269517                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1723838     75.75%     75.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       221452      9.73%     85.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119001      5.23%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82283      3.62%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72579      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        37246      1.64%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8895      0.39%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6030      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4368      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2275692                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           343     11.32%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1365     45.03%     56.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1323     43.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1100117     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20504      1.56%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          159      0.01%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       121121      9.22%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71472      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1313373                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.530434                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3031                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002308                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4907314                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1590570                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1289763                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1316404                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3344                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25964                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           34                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2000                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           80                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        39377                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles          9747                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1015                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1398486                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           30                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       134195                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72003                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          201                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          702                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           34                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11790                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12510                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        24300                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1292561                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       113394                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20812                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             184845                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         179795                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            71451                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.522029                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1289837                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1289763                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          767972                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         2013488                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.520899                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.381414                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       960107                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1177949                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       220540                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          320                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        21476                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2236315                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526737                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345802                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1755324     78.49%     78.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       223145      9.98%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93515      4.18%     92.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55795      2.49%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38827      1.74%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25179      1.13%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13334      0.60%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10386      0.46%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20810      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2236315                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       960107                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1177949                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               178234                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              108231                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           168519                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1062039                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        23970                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        20810                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3613994                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2836359                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 31526                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                200342                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            960107                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1177949                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       960107                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.578915                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.578915                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.387760                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.387760                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        5829399                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1793267                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1307255                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          320                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2476034                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         192985                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173788                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12047                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76222                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          67059                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10472                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          534                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2026201                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1210981                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            192985                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches        77531                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              238794                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         38383                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        48907                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          118167                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11907                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2339966                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.608134                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941326                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2101172     89.79%     89.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1           8444      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          17562      0.75%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3           6988      0.30%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          38921      1.66%     92.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          35016      1.50%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           6491      0.28%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          14206      0.61%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         111166      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2339966                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077941                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.489081                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2014489                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        61054                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          237767                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          790                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        25860                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        17035                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          205                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1419773                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1250                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        25860                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2017105                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         42318                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        11761                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          236046                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         6870                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1417894                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         2563                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         2664                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents           64                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1673710                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      6672677                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      6672677                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1443808                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         229879                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          169                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts           89                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           19305                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       330700                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       165897                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1606                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores         8109                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1412869                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          169                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1345360                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          984                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       134009                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       326562                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2339966                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574949                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371903                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1861467     79.55%     79.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       143603      6.14%     85.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       117476      5.02%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        51135      2.19%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64324      2.75%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        62118      2.65%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35123      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2984      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1736      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2339966                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3418     11.22%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        26247     86.14%     97.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          806      2.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       848399     63.06%     63.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11774      0.88%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       319851     23.77%     87.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       165256     12.28%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1345360                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.543353                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30471                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022649                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5062137                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1547098                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1331469                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1375831                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2292                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16720                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           51                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1633                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          119                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        25860                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         38692                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1821                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1413038                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           12                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       330700                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       165897                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           89                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1255                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           51                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6265                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7636                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        13901                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1334218                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       318585                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11138                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             483803                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         174364                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           165218                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.538853                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1331599                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1331469                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          721021                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1426806                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.537743                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.505339                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1071256                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1259074                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       154087                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        12076                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2314106                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544087                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366374                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1856916     80.24%     80.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       167263      7.23%     87.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        78318      3.38%     90.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        77266      3.34%     94.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        20840      0.90%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89637      3.87%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7074      0.31%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4948      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11844      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2314106                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1071256                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1259074                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               478233                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              313971                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars                80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           166219                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1119765                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        12244                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        11844                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3715423                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2852219                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 45924                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                136068                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1071256                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1259074                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1071256                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.311337                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.311337                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.432650                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.432650                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        6586668                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1552046                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1679993                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2476034                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         201309                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164931                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21545                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82590                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76713                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20398                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          963                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1927553                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1151033                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            201309                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        97111                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              251776                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         61941                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        57599                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          120378                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21317                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2276980                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.619046                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.974779                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2025204     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          26635      1.17%     90.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          31016      1.36%     91.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          17168      0.75%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          19511      0.86%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          11086      0.49%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           7605      0.33%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          19760      0.87%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         118995      5.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2276980                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.081303                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.464870                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1911657                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        74057                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          249597                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1960                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        39705                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        32669                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          347                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1405242                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1881                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        39705                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1915036                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         14165                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        51043                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          248222                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         8805                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1403583                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         1957                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         4275                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1952879                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      6534343                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      6534343                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1634492                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         318381                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          360                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          201                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           25687                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       134565                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        72046                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1742                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        15829                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1399859                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1313496                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1870                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       194382                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       453158                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           41                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2276980                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576859                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269414                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1725227     75.77%     75.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       221139      9.71%     85.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119413      5.24%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        81965      3.60%     94.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72616      3.19%     97.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        37268      1.64%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9025      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5934      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4393      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2276980                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           342     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1369     45.18%     56.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1319     43.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1100142     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20526      1.56%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          159      0.01%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       121216      9.23%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71453      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1313496                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.530484                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3030                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002307                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4908872                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1594636                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1289562                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1316526                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3301                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26397                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           34                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2075                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           80                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        39705                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         10085                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1037                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1400223                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           29                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       134565                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72046                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          201                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          714                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           34                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11707                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12620                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        24327                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1292299                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       113220                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21197                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             184642                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         179755                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            71422                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.521923                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1289648                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1289562                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          767653                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         2013704                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.520818                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.381214                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       959497                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1177196                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       223035                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          320                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        21520                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2237275                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526174                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345408                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1756714     78.52%     78.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       222892      9.96%     88.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93501      4.18%     92.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55584      2.48%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38877      1.74%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25216      1.13%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13317      0.60%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10332      0.46%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20842      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2237275                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       959497                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1177196                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               178135                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              108164                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           168399                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1061374                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        23957                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        20842                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3616664                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2840177                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 31503                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                199054                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            959497                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1177196                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       959497                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.580554                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.580554                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.387514                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.387514                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        5828034                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1792853                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1308730                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          320                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2476031                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         192429                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173226                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12007                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        72957                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          66704                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10530                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          552                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2024284                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1208842                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            192429                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches        77234                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              238246                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         38160                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        48326                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          118037                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11859                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2336735                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607864                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941160                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2098489     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1           8452      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          17363      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3           7010      0.30%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          38771      1.66%     92.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          34951      1.50%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6           6490      0.28%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          14243      0.61%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         110966      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2336735                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077717                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.488218                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        2012418                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        60626                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          237249                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          764                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        25672                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        17041                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          207                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1417235                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1268                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        25672                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2015117                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         41014                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        12525                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          235453                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         6948                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1415474                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         2519                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         2744                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents           35                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1671469                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6661901                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6661901                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1442275                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         229194                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          172                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts           92                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           19621                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       329910                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       165600                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1549                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores         8121                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1410496                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          172                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1343806                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          942                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       132622                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       323103                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2336735                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575078                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371866                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1858748     79.54%     79.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       143420      6.14%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       117417      5.02%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        50873      2.18%     92.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64692      2.77%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61762      2.64%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35131      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2967      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1725      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2336735                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3404     11.22%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        26125     86.14%     97.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          800      2.64%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       847830     63.09%     63.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11770      0.88%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       319198     23.75%     87.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       164928     12.27%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1343806                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.542726                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30329                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022569                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5055618                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1543340                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1329902                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1374135                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2293                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16603                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1675                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          120                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        25672                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         37564                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1761                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1410668                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           12                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       329910                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       165600                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           92                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1187                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6161                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7632                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        13793                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1332613                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       317930                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11193                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             482825                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         174125                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           164895                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.538205                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1330030                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1329902                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          720215                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1425981                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.537110                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.505066                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1069784                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1257404                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       153387                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        12034                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2311063                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544080                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365992                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1854298     80.24%     80.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       167190      7.23%     87.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        78272      3.39%     90.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        77104      3.34%     94.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        20867      0.90%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89575      3.88%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7061      0.31%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4919      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11777      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2311063                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1069784                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1257404                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               477232                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              313307                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars                80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           166019                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1118295                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        12244                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        11777                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3710077                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2847267                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 45871                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                139296                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1069784                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1257404                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1069784                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.314515                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.314515                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.432056                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.432056                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6578134                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1550979                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1676912                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2476031                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         201244                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164830                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21520                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82980                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76951                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20462                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          952                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1930843                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1150733                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            201244                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        97413                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              251701                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         61621                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        56100                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          120540                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21314                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2278400                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.618374                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.973366                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2026699     88.95%     88.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          26507      1.16%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          31033      1.36%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          17209      0.76%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          19587      0.86%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          11116      0.49%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6           7607      0.33%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          20003      0.88%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         118639      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2278400                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.081277                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.464749                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1915182                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        72314                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          249634                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         1856                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        39410                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        32677                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          346                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1404541                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1877                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        39410                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        1918437                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         13923                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        49789                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          248272                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         8565                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1402976                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         1943                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         4164                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1952025                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      6531549                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      6531549                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1637385                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         314640                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          361                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          201                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           24870                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       134359                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        72116                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1675                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        15843                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1399697                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1314896                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1848                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       192188                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       445145                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           41                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2278400                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577114                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269447                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1725865     75.75%     75.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       221747      9.73%     85.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119144      5.23%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82399      3.62%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72653      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        37278      1.64%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8908      0.39%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6034      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4372      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2278400                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           343     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1369     45.05%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1327     43.67%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1101355     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20514      1.56%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          160      0.01%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       121284      9.22%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71583      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1314896                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.531050                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3039                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002311                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4913079                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1592280                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1291251                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1317935                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3344                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25989                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           34                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2005                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           80                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        39410                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles          9878                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1017                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1400059                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           30                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       134359                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72116                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          201                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          704                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           34                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11808                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12513                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        24321                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1294063                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       113550                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20833                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             185111                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         180035                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            71561                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.522636                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1291326                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1291251                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          768789                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         2015559                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.521500                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381427                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts       961224                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1179363                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       220699                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          320                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        21496                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2238990                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526739                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345747                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1757383     78.49%     78.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       223448      9.98%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93633      4.18%     92.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55870      2.50%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38877      1.74%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25205      1.13%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13346      0.60%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10394      0.46%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20834      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2238990                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts       961224                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1179363                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               178481                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              108370                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           168743                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1063324                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        24011                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        20834                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3618218                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2839538                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 31570                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                197631                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts            961224                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1179363                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total       961224                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.575915                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.575915                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.388212                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.388212                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        5836089                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1795156                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1308768                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          320                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2476034                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         192860                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       169647                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17594                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       118385                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         115076                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12613                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          565                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1975200                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1093996                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            192860                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       127689                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              241118                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         57172                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        27668                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          121527                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17108                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2283471                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.544343                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.811950                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2042353     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          33807      1.48%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          20110      0.88%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          33211      1.45%     93.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          12473      0.55%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          30536      1.34%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           5529      0.24%     95.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          10031      0.44%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8          95421      4.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2283471                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077891                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.441834                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1959769                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        43811                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          240450                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          312                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        39125                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        20308                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          360                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1238726                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1409                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        39125                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1961829                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         23059                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        14855                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          238519                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles         6080                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1236236                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         1033                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         4318                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1638694                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      5627783                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      5627783                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1292763                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         345921                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          174                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts           86                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           16326                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       208499                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        39112                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          414                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores         8808                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1227535                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          172                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1137573                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1153                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       244517                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       516615                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2283471                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.498177                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.124172                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1789359     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       161832      7.09%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       154945      6.79%     92.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92967      4.07%     96.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        52958      2.32%     98.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        14430      0.63%     99.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16223      0.71%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          426      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          331      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2283471                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2257     59.46%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead          843     22.21%     81.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          696     18.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       901447     79.24%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9698      0.85%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       187716     16.50%     96.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        38624      3.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1137573                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.459434                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3796                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003337                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4563566                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1472234                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1105107                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1141369                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1138                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        47663                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1370                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        39125                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         17075                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles          808                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1227707                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           62                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       208499                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        39112                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           86                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          471                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           21                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10398                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8352                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        18750                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1119893                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       184097                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17680                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             222709                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         167936                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            38612                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.452293                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1105609                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1105107                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          665910                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1514517                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.446321                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.439685                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       859887                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps       980541                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       247202                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          172                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        17320                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2244346                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.436894                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296775                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1872327     83.42%     83.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       150591      6.71%     90.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91905      4.09%     94.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        30169      1.34%     95.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47248      2.11%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        10296      0.46%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6693      0.30%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5933      0.26%     98.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        29184      1.30%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2244346                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       859887                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps       980541                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               198574                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              160832                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           149183                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts          860730                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        13423                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        29184                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3442905                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2494645                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 44892                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                192563                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            859887                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps              980541                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       859887                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.879488                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.879488                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.347284                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.347284                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        5178997                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1456527                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1287466                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2476034                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         204664                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167448                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21608                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82019                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78133                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20614                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          974                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1957805                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1143813                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            204664                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        98747                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              237123                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         59970                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        46272                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          121328                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21503                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2279314                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616165                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.963631                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2042191     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          10928      0.48%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          16897      0.74%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          22980      1.01%     91.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          24559      1.08%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          20702      0.91%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          11014      0.48%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          17403      0.76%     95.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         112640      4.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2279314                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.082658                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.461954                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1938162                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        66348                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          236550                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          367                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        37883                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        33521                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          207                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1401308                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1265                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        37883                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1943865                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         14255                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        39542                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          231243                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        12522                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1400276                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         1618                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         5514                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1955016                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      6508264                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      6508264                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1664307                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         290695                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          335                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          172                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           39076                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       131575                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        70068                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          844                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        33352                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1397726                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          336                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1317690                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          264                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       172130                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       416703                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2279314                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578108                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261859                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1709826     75.01%     75.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       243610     10.69%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       121207      5.32%     91.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82792      3.63%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        65981      2.89%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27662      1.21%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17827      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9178      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1231      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2279314                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           309     13.02%     13.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead          873     36.79%     49.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1191     50.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1108945     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19601      1.49%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          163      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       119192      9.05%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69789      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1317690                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.532178                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2373                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001801                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4917331                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1570210                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1295934                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1320063                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2895                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23434                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           19                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1303                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        37883                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         11439                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1179                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1398069                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       131575                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        70068                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          172                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          977                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           19                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11705                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12751                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        24456                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1297991                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       112043                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19699                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             181813                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         184111                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            69770                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.524222                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1296010                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1295934                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          744721                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         2006848                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.523391                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.371090                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       969993                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1193585                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       204480                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          329                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        21657                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2241431                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532510                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.360455                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1740700     77.66%     77.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       253706     11.32%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90612      4.04%     93.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43180      1.93%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43852      1.96%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21470      0.96%     97.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14312      0.64%     98.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8307      0.37%     98.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25292      1.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2241431                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       969993                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1193585                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               176906                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              108141                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           172110                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1075389                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        24570                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        25292                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3614191                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2834026                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 31413                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                196720                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            969993                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1193585                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       969993                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.552631                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.552631                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.391753                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.391753                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        5838609                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1807247                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1298633                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           3564                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32755.700981                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           625345                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          36325                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          17.215279                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1019.308226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    17.289061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data    56.026940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    12.549306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   241.591680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    14.618104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    81.868627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    12.307635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   107.741435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    12.307733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   105.282960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    16.882095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    50.104978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    26.425082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data    71.025837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    17.293820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    54.331514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    12.305724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   105.598433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    14.615721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data    79.441212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    13.332926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   182.990214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    14.617105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    82.511286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    13.400738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   185.447751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    14.616308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    72.045061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    12.305472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   102.780823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    26.425567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    70.470408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1167.683833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          3422.563029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1750.670720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          2010.604980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          2057.646528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1145.108364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1433.072096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1132.403592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          2067.949985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1881.323311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          2278.088833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1780.779566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          2244.354583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1888.091320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          2102.876819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1472.623641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.031107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.001710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.007373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.002498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.003288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.003213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.001529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.002168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.001658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.003223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.002424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.005584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.002518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.005659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.002199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.003137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.002151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.035635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.104448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.053426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.061359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.062794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.034946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.043734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.034558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.063109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.057413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.069522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.054345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.068492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.057620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.064175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.044941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          228                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          486                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          322                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          238                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          263                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          231                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          322                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          420                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          266                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    5092                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             1966                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  1966                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     5107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          231                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          486                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          322                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          297                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          305                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          241                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          266                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          234                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          300                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          331                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          422                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          322                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          420                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          345                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          308                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          269                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    5107                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          506                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          189                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          101                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          163                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          183                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  3511                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  50                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          183                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          112                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          556                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          164                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          196                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          189                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          101                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          138                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          110                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          190                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          155                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          369                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          163                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          372                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          141                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          183                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          135                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3561                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4298359                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     17180982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1914786                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     76193681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2217422                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     24668055                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1844586                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     29223538                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1955788                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     28693778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4071630                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     15476881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4190587                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     20568284                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4055903                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     16713606                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1959634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     28322655                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2236719                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     23095207                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2250892                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     55862293                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2217009                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     24469905                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2308034                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     56414211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2134603                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     21226767                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2116208                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     27574570                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4133566                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     20390226                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       529980365                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      7434048                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       7434048                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4298359                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     17180982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1914786                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     83627729                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2217422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     24668055                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1844586                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     29223538                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1955788                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     28693778                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4071630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     15476881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4190587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     20568284                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4055903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     16713606                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1959634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     28322655                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2236719                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     23095207                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2250892                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     55862293                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2217009                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     24469905                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2308034                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     56414211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2134603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     21226767                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2116208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     27574570                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4133566                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     20390226                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        537414413                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4298359                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     17180982                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1914786                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     83627729                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2217422                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     24668055                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1844586                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     29223538                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1955788                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     28693778                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4071630                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     15476881                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4190587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     20568284                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4055903                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     16713606                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1959634                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     28322655                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2236719                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     23095207                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2250892                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     55862293                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2217009                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     24469905                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2308034                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     56414211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2134603                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     21226767                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2116208                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     27574570                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4133566                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     20390226                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       537414413                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          992                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                8603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1966                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              1966                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total                65                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 8668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                8668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.329412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.510081                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.337449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.397566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.382591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.297935                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.344140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.322581                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.387755                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.318930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.466498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.336082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.469697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.290123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.372709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.336658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.408113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.769231                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.326531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.533589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.337449                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.397566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.382591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.295322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.341584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.319767                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.387755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.318930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.466498                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.336082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.469697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.290123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.372709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.334158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.410821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.326531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.533589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.337449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.397566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.382591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.295322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.341584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.319767                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.387755                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.318930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.466498                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.336082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.469697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.290123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.372709                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.334158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.410821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 159198.481481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 153401.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 147291.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150580.397233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 147828.133333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150414.969512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 141891.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 149099.683673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 150445.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151818.931217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 156601.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 153236.445545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 155206.925926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 149045.536232                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150218.629630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151941.872727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150741.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 149066.605263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 149114.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 149001.335484                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       160778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151388.327913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 147800.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150122.116564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 164859.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151651.104839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 142306.866667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150544.446809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 162785.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150680.710383                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 153095.037037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151038.711111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150948.551695                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 148680.960000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 148680.960000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 159198.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 153401.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 147291.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150409.584532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 147828.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150414.969512                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 141891.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 149099.683673                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 150445.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151818.931217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 156601.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 153236.445545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 155206.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 149045.536232                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150218.629630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151941.872727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150741.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 149066.605263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 149114.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 149001.335484                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       160778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151388.327913                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 147800.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150122.116564                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 164859.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151651.104839                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 142306.866667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150544.446809                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 162785.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150680.710383                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 153095.037037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151038.711111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150916.712440                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 159198.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 153401.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 147291.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150409.584532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 147828.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150414.969512                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 141891.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 149099.683673                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 150445.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151818.931217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 156601.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 153236.445545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 155206.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 149045.536232                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150218.629630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151941.872727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150741.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 149066.605263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 149114.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 149001.335484                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       160778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151388.327913                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 147800.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150122.116564                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 164859.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151651.104839                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 142306.866667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150544.446809                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 162785.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150680.710383                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 153095.037037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151038.711111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150916.712440                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1333                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1333                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             3511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             50                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          101                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          190                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          163                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          183                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3561                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2732097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     10665070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1155665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     46736703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1344574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     15121998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1089705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     17806341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1198942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     17685681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2562508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      9601995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2621419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     12530636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2486627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     10310726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1204736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     17258240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1366472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     14068513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1438136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     34380910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1344639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     14977741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1494746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     34756745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1262845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     13019582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1360356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     16913672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2565908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     12535503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    325599431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      4519221                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4519221                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2732097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     10665070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1155665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     51255924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1344574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     15121998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1089705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     17806341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1198942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     17685681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2562508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      9601995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2621419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     12530636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2486627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     10310726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1204736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     17258240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1366472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     14068513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1438136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     34380910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1344639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     14977741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1494746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     34756745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1262845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     13019582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1360356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     16913672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2565908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     12535503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    330118652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2732097                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     10665070                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1155665                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     51255924                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1344574                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     15121998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1089705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     17806341                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1198942                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     17685681                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2562508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      9601995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2621419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     12530636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2486627                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     10310726                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1204736                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     17258240                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1366472                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     14068513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1438136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     34380910                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1344639                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     14977741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1494746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     34756745                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1262845                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     13019582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1360356                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     16913672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2565908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     12535503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    330118652                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.329412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.510081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.337449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.397566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.382591                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.297935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.344140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.322581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.387755                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.318930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.466498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.336082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.469697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.290123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.372709                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.336658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.408113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.769231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.326531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.533589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.337449                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.397566                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.382591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.295322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.341584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.319767                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.387755                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.318930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.466498                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.336082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.469697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.290123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.372709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.334158                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.410821                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.326531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.533589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.337449                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.397566                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.382591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.295322                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.341584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.319767                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.387755                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.318930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.466498                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.336082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.469697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.290123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.372709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.334158                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.410821                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 101188.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 95223.839286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 88897.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92365.025692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 89638.266667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92207.304878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 83823.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 90848.678571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 92226.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93575.031746                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst        98558                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 95069.257426                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 97089.592593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 90801.710145                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92097.296296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93733.872727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst        92672                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 90832.842105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 91098.133333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 90764.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       102724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93173.197832                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 89642.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91887.981595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 106767.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93432.110215                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 84189.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92337.460993                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 104642.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92424.437158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 95033.629630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92855.577778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92736.949872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 90384.420000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90384.420000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 101188.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 95223.839286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 88897.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92186.913669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 89638.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92207.304878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 83823.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 90848.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 92226.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93575.031746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst        98558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 95069.257426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 97089.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 90801.710145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92097.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93733.872727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst        92672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 90832.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 91098.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 90764.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       102724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93173.197832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 89642.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91887.981595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 106767.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93432.110215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 84189.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92337.460993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 104642.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92424.437158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 95033.629630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92855.577778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92703.918001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 101188.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 95223.839286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 88897.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92186.913669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 89638.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92207.304878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 83823.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 90848.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 92226.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93575.031746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst        98558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 95069.257426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 97089.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 90801.710145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92097.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93733.872727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst        92672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 90832.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 91098.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 90764.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       102724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93173.197832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 89642.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91887.981595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 106767.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93432.110215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 84189.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92337.460993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 104642.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92424.437158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 95033.629630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92855.577778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92703.918001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              473.112078                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750130127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1549855.634298                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    18.112078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.029026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.758192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       122160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       122160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         122160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       122160                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        122160                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6319051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6319051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6319051                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6319051                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6319051                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6319051                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       122199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       122199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       122199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       122199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       122199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 162026.948718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162026.948718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 162026.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162026.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 162026.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162026.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4927253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4927253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4927253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4927253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4927253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4927253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 169905.275862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169905.275862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 169905.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169905.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 169905.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169905.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  343                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              108893314                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             181791.843072                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   117.154496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   138.845504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.457635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.542365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        96291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        70544                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70544                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       166835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         166835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       166835                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        166835                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          837                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          837                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total          849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total          849                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     91497612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91497612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1008988                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1008988                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     92506600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     92506600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     92506600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     92506600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        97128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        70556                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70556                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       167684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       167684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008617                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008617                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 109316.143369                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109316.143369                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 84082.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84082.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 108959.481743                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108959.481743                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 108959.481743                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108959.481743                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           72                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              72                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          506                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          506                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     34395833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34395833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       225386                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       225386                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     34621219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     34621219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     34621219                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     34621219                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003501                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003501                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 101164.214706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101164.214706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 75128.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75128.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 100936.498542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100936.498542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 100936.498542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100936.498542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              501.548558                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              750409477                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1494839.595618                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    12.548558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.020110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       117027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        117027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       117027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         117027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       117027                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        117027                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2285596                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2285596                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2285596                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2285596                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2285596                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2285596                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       117043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       117043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       117043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       117043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       117043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       117043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 142849.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 142849.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 142849.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 142849.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 142849.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 142849.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2036351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2036351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2036351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2036351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2036351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2036351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 156642.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156642.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 156642.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156642.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 156642.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156642.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 1042                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              125072064                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 1298                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             96357.522342                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   183.435836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    72.564164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.716546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.283454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        88444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         88444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        71858                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71858                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          144                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          144                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          142                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          142                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       160302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         160302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       160302                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        160302                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2385                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2385                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          361                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          361                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         2746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2746                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         2746                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    315448640                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    315448640                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     64682135                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     64682135                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    380130775                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    380130775                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    380130775                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    380130775                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        90829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        72219                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72219                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          144                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          144                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          142                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          142                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       163048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       163048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       163048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       163048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.026258                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026258                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004999                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004999                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.016842                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016842                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.016842                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016842                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 132263.580713                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132263.580713                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 179174.889197                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179174.889197                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 138430.726511                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 138430.726511                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 138430.726511                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 138430.726511                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          491                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             491                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          311                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          311                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1704                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1704                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1042                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1042                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    114789476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    114789476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      7913848                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7913848                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    122703324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    122703324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    122703324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    122703324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000692                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000692                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006391                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006391                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 115715.197581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115715.197581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 158276.960000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158276.960000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 117757.508637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117757.508637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 117757.508637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117757.508637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              496.617217                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              747247535                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1503516.167002                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    14.617217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.023425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       120258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       120258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         120258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       120258                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        120258                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3059599                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3059599                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3059599                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3059599                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3059599                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3059599                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       120277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       120277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       120277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       120277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       120277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161031.526316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161031.526316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161031.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161031.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161031.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161031.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2389257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2389257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2389257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2389257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2389257                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2389257                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 159283.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159283.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 159283.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159283.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 159283.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159283.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  485                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              117749512                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  741                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             158906.224022                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   160.143416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    95.856584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.625560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.374440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        82920                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82920                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        69546                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        69546                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       152466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         152466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       152466                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        152466                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1681                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1681                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1749                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1749                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1749                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1749                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    202769777                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    202769777                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      7450009                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7450009                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    210219786                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    210219786                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    210219786                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    210219786                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        84601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        69614                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        69614                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       154215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       154215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       154215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       154215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.019870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000977                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000977                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 120624.495538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120624.495538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109558.955882                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109558.955882                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 120194.274443                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120194.274443                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 120194.274443                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120194.274443                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          165                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             165                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1263                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1263                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          486                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          486                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     48444107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48444107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     48444107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48444107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     48444107                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48444107                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005745                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005745                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 99679.232510                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99679.232510                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 99679.232510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99679.232510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 99679.232510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99679.232510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              538.306902                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              643368463                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1193633.512059                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    12.306902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.019723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       121427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       121427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         121427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       121427                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        121427                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2167452                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2167452                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2167452                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2167452                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2167452                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2167452                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       121441                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121441                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       121441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       121441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       121441                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       121441                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst       154818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       154818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst       154818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       154818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst       154818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       154818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1954286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1954286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1954286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1954286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1954286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1954286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 150329.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 150329.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 150329.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 150329.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 150329.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 150329.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  493                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              150643134                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  749                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             201125.679573                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   144.949269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   111.050731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.566208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.433792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       165458                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        165458                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        37568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        37568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       203026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         203026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       203026                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        203026                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1716                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1716                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1716                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1716                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    187909426                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    187909426                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    187909426                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    187909426                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    187909426                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    187909426                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       167174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       167174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        37568                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        37568                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       204742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       204742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       204742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       204742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.010265                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010265                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109504.327506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109504.327506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109504.327506                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109504.327506                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109504.327506                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109504.327506                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           47                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              47                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1223                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1223                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     51472787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51472787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     51472787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51472787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     51472787                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51472787                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002408                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002408                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002408                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002408                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104407.275862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104407.275862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104407.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104407.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104407.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104407.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              538.306992                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              643368414                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1193633.421150                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    12.306992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.019723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       121378                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121378                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       121378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         121378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       121378                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        121378                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2314357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2314357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2314357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2314357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2314357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2314357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       121392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       121392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       121392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       121392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       121392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 165311.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165311.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 165311.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165311.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 165311.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165311.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2072488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2072488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2072488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2072488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2072488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2072488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 159422.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159422.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 159422.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159422.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 159422.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159422.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  494                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              150643827                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  750                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             200858.436000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   144.960237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   111.039763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.566251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.433749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       166149                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        166149                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        37570                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        37570                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       203719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         203719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       203719                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        203719                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1725                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1725                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1725                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1725                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    189315366                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    189315366                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    189315366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    189315366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    189315366                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    189315366                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       167874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       167874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        37570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        37570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       205444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       205444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       205444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       205444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.010276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109748.038261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109748.038261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109748.038261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109748.038261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109748.038261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109748.038261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           50                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total              50                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1231                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1231                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     51348020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51348020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     51348020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51348020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     51348020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51348020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002943                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002943                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103943.360324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103943.360324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103943.360324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103943.360324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103943.360324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103943.360324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              472.705833                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              750130210                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1553064.616977                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    17.705833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.028375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.757541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       122243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       122243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         122243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       122243                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        122243                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6125487                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6125487                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6125487                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6125487                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6125487                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6125487                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       122281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       122281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       122281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       122281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       122281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 161197.026316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161197.026316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 161197.026316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161197.026316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 161197.026316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161197.026316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4817955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4817955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4817955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4817955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4817955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4817955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 172069.821429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172069.821429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 172069.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172069.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 172069.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172069.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  342                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              108893520                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  598                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             182096.187291                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   116.932902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   139.067098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.456769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.543231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        96442                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96442                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        70599                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70599                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       167041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         167041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       167041                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        167041                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total          857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          857                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total          857                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     89766098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89766098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1181198                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1181198                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     90947296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     90947296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     90947296                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     90947296                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        97291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        70607                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70607                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       167898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       167898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000113                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105731.564193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105731.564193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 147649.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 147649.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106122.865811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106122.865811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106122.865811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106122.865811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           73                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              73                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     32988051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32988051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       344101                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       344101                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     33332152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     33332152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     33332152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     33332152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 97309.884956                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97309.884956                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 114700.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114700.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 97462.432749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97462.432749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 97462.432749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97462.432749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              502.408692                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              746682871                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1484458.988072                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    27.408692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.043924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       121333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       121333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         121333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       121333                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        121333                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5598076                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5598076                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5598076                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5598076                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5598076                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5598076                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       121364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       121364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       121364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       121364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       121364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 180583.096774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 180583.096774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 180583.096774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 180583.096774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 180583.096774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 180583.096774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4939759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4939759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4939759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4939759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4939759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4939759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 176419.964286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176419.964286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 176419.964286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176419.964286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 176419.964286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176419.964286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  404                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              112794779                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  660                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             170901.180303                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   158.961612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    97.038388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.620944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.379056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        81929                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81929                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        68419                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68419                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       150348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         150348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       150348                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        150348                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1303                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1303                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         1317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1317                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         1317                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    153843746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    153843746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1158660                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1158660                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    155002406                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    155002406                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    155002406                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    155002406                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        83232                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83232                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        68433                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68433                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       151665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       151665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.015655                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015655                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000205                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 118068.876439                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118068.876439                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 82761.428571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82761.428571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 117693.550494                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117693.550494                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 117693.550494                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117693.550494                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total              83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          913                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          913                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     39961019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39961019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       192417                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192417                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     40153436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     40153436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     40153436                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     40153436                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 99653.413965                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99653.413965                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        64139                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64139                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 99389.693069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99389.693069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 99389.693069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99389.693069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              473.117253                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              750130125                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1549855.630165                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    18.117253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.029034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.758201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       122158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       122158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         122158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       122158                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        122158                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5861572                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5861572                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5861572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5861572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5861572                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5861572                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       122195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       122195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       122195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       122195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       122195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158420.864865                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158420.864865                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158420.864865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158420.864865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158420.864865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158420.864865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4857384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4857384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4857384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4857384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4857384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4857384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       167496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       167496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       167496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       167496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       167496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       167496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  344                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              108893473                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  600                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             181489.121667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   117.577943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   138.422057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.459289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.540711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        96413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        70581                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70581                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       166994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         166994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       166994                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        166994                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          842                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          842                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total          850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          850                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total          850                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     90507314                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     90507314                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1056762                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1056762                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     91564076                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     91564076                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     91564076                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     91564076                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        97255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        70589                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70589                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       167844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       167844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000113                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107490.871734                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107490.871734                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 132095.250000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132095.250000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107722.442353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107722.442353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107722.442353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107722.442353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           73                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total              73                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          506                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          506                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     33917918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33917918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       304520                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       304520                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     34222438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     34222438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     34222438                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     34222438                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002050                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002050                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 99466.035191                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99466.035191                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 101506.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101506.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 99483.831395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99483.831395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 99483.831395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99483.831395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              538.304902                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              643368486                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1193633.554731                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    12.304902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.019719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       121450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       121450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         121450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       121450                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        121450                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2391135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2391135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2391135                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2391135                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2391135                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2391135                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       121464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       121464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       121464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       121464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       121464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 170795.357143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170795.357143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 170795.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170795.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 170795.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170795.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2161334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2161334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2161334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2161334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2161334                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2161334                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166256.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166256.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166256.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166256.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166256.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166256.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  490                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              150643272                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  746                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             201934.680965                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   144.865635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   111.134365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.565881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.434119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       165596                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        165596                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        37568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        37568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       203164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         203164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       203164                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        203164                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1704                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1704                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    186266806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    186266806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    186266806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    186266806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    186266806                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    186266806                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       167300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       167300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        37568                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        37568                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       204868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       204868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       204868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       204868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.010185                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010185                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 109311.505869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109311.505869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 109311.505869                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109311.505869                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 109311.505869                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109311.505869                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           47                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total              47                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1214                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1214                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     50990311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50990311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     50990311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     50990311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     50990311                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     50990311                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002929                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002929                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104061.859184                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104061.859184                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104061.859184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104061.859184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104061.859184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104061.859184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              496.614737                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              747247646                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1503516.390342                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    14.614737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.023421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       120369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       120369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         120369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       120369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        120369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3146147                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3146147                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3146147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3146147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3146147                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3146147                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       120388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       120388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       120388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       120388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       120388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 165586.684211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165586.684211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 165586.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165586.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 165586.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165586.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2510841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2510841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2510841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2510841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2510841                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2510841                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 167389.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167389.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 167389.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167389.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 167389.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167389.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  486                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              117749634                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  742                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             158692.229111                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   160.128666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    95.871334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.625503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.374497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        82988                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82988                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        69600                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        69600                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       152588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         152588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       152588                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        152588                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1680                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1680                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         1748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1748                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         1748                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    200890464                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    200890464                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      7120702                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7120702                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    208011166                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    208011166                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    208011166                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    208011166                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        84668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        69668                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        69668                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       154336                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       154336                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       154336                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       154336                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.019842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000976                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000976                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 119577.657143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119577.657143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104716.205882                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104716.205882                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 118999.522883                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118999.522883                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 118999.522883                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118999.522883                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          173                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             173                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1262                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1262                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          486                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          486                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     47894881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47894881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     47894881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47894881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     47894881                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47894881                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005740                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005740                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 98549.137860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98549.137860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 98549.137860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98549.137860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 98549.137860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98549.137860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              556.332098                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              765694168                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1374675.346499                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    13.332098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.021366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       118151                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        118151                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       118151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         118151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       118151                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        118151                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2796387                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2796387                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2796387                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2796387                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2796387                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2796387                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       118167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       118167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       118167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       118167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       118167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       118167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000135                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 174774.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174774.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 174774.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174774.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 174774.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174774.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2417080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2417080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2417080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2417080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2417080                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2417080                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 172648.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172648.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 172648.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172648.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 172648.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172648.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  791                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              287984641                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 1047                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             275056.963706                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   102.432705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   153.567295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.400128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.599872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       300706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        300706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       164101                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       164101                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       464807                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         464807                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       464807                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        464807                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         2810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2810                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         2810                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    343083518                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    343083518                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    343083518                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    343083518                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    343083518                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    343083518                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       303516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       303516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       164101                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       164101                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       467617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       467617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       467617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       467617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009258                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009258                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 122093.778648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122093.778648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 122093.778648                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122093.778648                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 122093.778648                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122093.778648                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          115                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             115                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2019                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2019                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          791                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          791                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     89424336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89424336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     89424336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     89424336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     89424336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     89424336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 113052.257901                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113052.257901                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 113052.257901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113052.257901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 113052.257901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113052.257901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              496.616169                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              747247636                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1503516.370221                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    14.616169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.023423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       120359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       120359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         120359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       120359                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        120359                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3083049                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3083049                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3083049                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3083049                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3083049                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3083049                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       120378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       120378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       120378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       120378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       120378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 162265.736842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162265.736842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 162265.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162265.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 162265.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162265.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2441667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2441667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2441667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2441667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2441667                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2441667                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 162777.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162777.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 162777.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162777.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 162777.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162777.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  485                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              117749511                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  741                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             158906.222672                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   160.167630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    95.832370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.625655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.374345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        82897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        69568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        69568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       152465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         152465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       152465                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        152465                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1664                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1664                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1732                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1732                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    201430826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    201430826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      7256515                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7256515                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    208687341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    208687341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    208687341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    208687341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        84561                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84561                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        69636                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        69636                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       154197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       154197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       154197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       154197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.019678                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019678                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000977                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000977                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121052.179087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121052.179087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 106713.455882                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106713.455882                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 120489.226905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120489.226905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 120489.226905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120489.226905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          163                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             163                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1247                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1247                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     48437509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48437509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     48437509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48437509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     48437509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48437509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003145                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003145                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003145                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003145                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 99871.152577                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99871.152577                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 99871.152577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99871.152577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 99871.152577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99871.152577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              556.399910                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              765694038                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1374675.113106                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    13.399910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.021474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       118021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        118021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       118021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         118021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       118021                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        118021                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2842423                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2842423                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2842423                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2842423                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2842423                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2842423                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       118037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       118037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       118037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       118037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       118037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       118037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 177651.437500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177651.437500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 177651.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 177651.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 177651.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 177651.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2469773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2469773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2469773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2469773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2469773                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2469773                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 176412.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176412.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 176412.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176412.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 176412.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176412.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  792                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              287983653                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 1048                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             274793.562023                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   102.388943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   153.611057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.399957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.600043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       300056                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        300056                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       163764                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       163764                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       463820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         463820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       463820                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        463820                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2804                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2804                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         2804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2804                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         2804                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    343880018                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    343880018                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    343880018                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    343880018                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    343880018                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    343880018                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       302860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       302860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       163764                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       163764                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       466624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       466624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       466624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       466624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009258                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009258                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 122639.093438                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122639.093438                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 122639.093438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122639.093438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 122639.093438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122639.093438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          113                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             113                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2012                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2012                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          792                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          792                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     89790247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89790247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     89790247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     89790247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     89790247                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     89790247                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002615                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002615                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 113371.523990                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113371.523990                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 113371.523990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113371.523990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 113371.523990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113371.523990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              496.615340                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              747247798                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1503516.696177                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    14.615340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.023422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       120521                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120521                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       120521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         120521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       120521                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        120521                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2992344                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2992344                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2992344                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2992344                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2992344                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2992344                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       120540                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120540                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       120540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       120540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       120540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       120540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 157491.789474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157491.789474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 157491.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157491.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 157491.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157491.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2386956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2386956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2386956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2386956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2386956                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2386956                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 159130.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159130.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 159130.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159130.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 159130.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159130.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  486                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              117749872                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  742                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             158692.549865                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   160.202322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    95.797678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.625790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.374210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        83119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         83119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        69707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        69707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       152826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         152826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       152826                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        152826                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1681                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1681                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1749                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         1749                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1749                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         1749                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    196728903                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    196728903                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      7022170                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7022170                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    203751073                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    203751073                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    203751073                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    203751073                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        84800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        69775                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        69775                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       154575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       154575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       154575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       154575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.019823                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019823                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000975                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000975                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 117030.876264                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117030.876264                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103267.205882                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103267.205882                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 116495.753573                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116495.753573                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 116495.753573                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116495.753573                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          171                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             171                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1263                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1263                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          486                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          486                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     46298449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46298449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     46298449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46298449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     46298449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46298449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 95264.298354                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95264.298354                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 95264.298354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95264.298354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 95264.298354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95264.298354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              538.304609                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              643368549                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1193633.671614                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    12.304609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.019719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       121513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       121513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         121513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       121513                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        121513                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2589845                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2589845                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2589845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2589845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2589845                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2589845                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       121527                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121527                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       121527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       121527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       121527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       121527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 184988.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 184988.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 184988.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 184988.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 184988.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 184988.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2360118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2360118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2360118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2360118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2360118                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2360118                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 181547.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181547.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 181547.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181547.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 181547.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181547.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  491                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              150643417                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  747                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             201664.547523                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   144.897932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   111.102068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.566008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.433992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       165741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        165741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        37568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        37568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       203309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         203309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       203309                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        203309                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1729                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1729                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1729                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         1729                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1729                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         1729                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    187144168                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    187144168                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    187144168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    187144168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    187144168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    187144168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       167470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       167470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        37568                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        37568                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       205038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       205038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       205038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       205038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008433                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008433                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008433                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008433                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 108238.385194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108238.385194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 108238.385194                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108238.385194                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 108238.385194                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108238.385194                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           47                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total              47                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1238                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1238                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     50549834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50549834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     50549834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     50549834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     50549834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     50549834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002395                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002395                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002395                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002395                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 102952.818737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102952.818737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 102952.818737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102952.818737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 102952.818737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102952.818737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              502.409244                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              746682836                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1484458.918489                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    27.409244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.043925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       121298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       121298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         121298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       121298                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        121298                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           30                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5381577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5381577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5381577                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5381577                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5381577                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5381577                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       121328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       121328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       121328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       121328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       121328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000247                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000247                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 179385.900000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179385.900000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 179385.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 179385.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 179385.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 179385.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4847023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4847023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4847023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4847023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4847023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4847023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 173107.964286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173107.964286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 173107.964286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173107.964286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 173107.964286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173107.964286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  404                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              112794712                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  660                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             170901.078788                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   158.960699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    97.039301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.620940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.379060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        81851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        68430                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68430                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       150281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         150281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       150281                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        150281                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1304                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1304                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         1319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1319                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         1319                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    153956976                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    153956976                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1190469                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1190469                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    155147445                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    155147445                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    155147445                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    155147445                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        83155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        68445                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68445                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       151600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       151600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.015682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000219                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 118065.165644                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118065.165644                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 79364.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79364.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 117625.053071                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117625.053071                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 117625.053071                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117625.053071                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total              83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          915                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          915                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     40048052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40048052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     40240352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     40240352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     40240352                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     40240352                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004822                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004822                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 99870.453865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99870.453865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 99604.831683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99604.831683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 99604.831683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99604.831683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
