
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001065                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1064722347                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               400561436745                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 412614                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   540145                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  37473                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67610224                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 28412.67                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11723479721                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15346951770                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        18688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        77824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        29440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        19968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        21120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        79744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        23680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        28800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        19584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        22400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        19328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        23424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        20352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        16768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        29056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        82048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               575232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           43008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       256000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            256000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          146                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          608                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          230                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          156                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          165                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          623                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          185                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          153                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          151                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          183                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          159                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          227                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          641                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  4494                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            2000                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 2000                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3245917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     17551994                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      3125698                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     73093234                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1683068                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     27650401                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3245917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     18754185                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1683068                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     19836157                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3005478                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     74896521                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1683068                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     22240540                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1803287                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     27049305                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3245917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     18393528                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1683068                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     21038349                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      3245917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     18153089                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1683068                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     22000102                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3606574                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     19114843                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      3125698                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     15748707                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1442630                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     27289744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2885259                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     77060466                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               540264794                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3245917                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      3125698                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1683068                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3245917                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1683068                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3005478                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1683068                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1803287                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3245917                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1683068                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      3245917                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1683068                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3606574                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      3125698                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1442630                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2885259                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           40393629                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         240438271                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              240438271                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         240438271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      3245917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     17551994                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      3125698                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     73093234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1683068                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     27650401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      3245917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     18754185                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      1683068                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     19836157                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      3005478                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     74896521                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1683068                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     22240540                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      1803287                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     27049305                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      3245917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     18393528                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      1683068                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     21038349                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      3245917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     18153089                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1683068                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     22000102                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      3606574                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     19114843                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      3125698                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     15748707                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1442630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     27289744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      2885259                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     77060466                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              780703065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2553292                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         210906                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172817                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22286                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        85962                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80444                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21241                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1009                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2018103                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1179471                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            210906                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       101685                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              244904                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         61817                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        45347                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          125024                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22090                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2347605                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617466                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965768                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2102701     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          11373      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          17820      0.76%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          23667      1.01%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          25146      1.07%     92.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          21299      0.91%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          11371      0.48%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          17576      0.75%     95.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         116652      4.97%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2347605                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.082602                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.461941                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1997763                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles        66171                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          244257                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          371                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        39041                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        34271                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          211                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1446040                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1265                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        39041                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        2003781                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         12616                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        40644                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          238631                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        12888                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1444379                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         1569                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         5757                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2016391                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6716008                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6716008                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1715226                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         301149                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          360                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          191                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           40704                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       136548                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        72198                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          782                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        27245                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1441109                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          362                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1358129                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          297                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       178339                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       434008                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2347605                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578517                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266558                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1765985     75.22%     75.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       245184     10.44%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122686      5.23%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86558      3.69%     94.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69315      2.95%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28765      1.23%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18300      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9482      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1330      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2347605                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           311     12.72%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead          899     36.77%     49.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1235     50.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1142777     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20179      1.49%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          168      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       123203      9.07%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71802      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1358129                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.531913                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2445                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001800                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5066604                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1619827                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1335368                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1360574                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2793                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25096                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           18                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1301                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        39041                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles          9861                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1123                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1441475                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          584                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       136548                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72198                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          191                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          933                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           18                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12047                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13257                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25304                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1337566                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115678                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20562                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             187464                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         189547                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            71786                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.523859                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1335463                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1335368                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          768421                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2071354                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.522999                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.370975                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1230444                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       211026                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          342                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22341                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2308564                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532991                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.368626                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1796697     77.83%     77.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       257377     11.15%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93692      4.06%     93.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44692      1.94%     94.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42302      1.83%     96.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22125      0.96%     97.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16577      0.72%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8504      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26598      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2308564                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1230444                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               182349                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              111452                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           177388                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1108628                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        25333                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        26598                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3723423                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2921998                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 32508                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                205687                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1230444                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.553287                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.553287                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.391652                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.391652                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6018222                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1862564                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1339084                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          342                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2553292                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         198468                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       161747                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21071                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80831                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          75906                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19728                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          933                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1922804                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1173771                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            198468                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        95634                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              240990                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         66366                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        61988                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          120228                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21106                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2270318                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628445                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.995224                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2029328     89.39%     89.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          12752      0.56%     89.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          20428      0.90%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          30348      1.34%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          12662      0.56%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          15045      0.66%     93.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          15442      0.68%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          10911      0.48%     94.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         123402      5.44%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2270318                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077730                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.459709                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1898132                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        87442                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          239220                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1377                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        44142                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        32240                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          371                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1422250                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1357                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        44142                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1903076                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         40066                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        32239                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          235769                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        15021                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1418963                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          914                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         2770                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         7510                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1246                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1939684                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      6615170                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      6615170                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1594834                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         344825                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          316                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          168                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           43425                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       143948                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        79664                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4080                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        15864                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1413868                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          318                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1318134                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1984                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       221115                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       509386                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2270318                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580594                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.264883                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1708743     75.26%     75.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       227696     10.03%     85.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125691      5.54%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82991      3.66%     94.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75520      3.33%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        23418      1.03%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16653      0.73%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5853      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3753      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2270318                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           373     11.17%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1413     42.33%     53.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1552     46.49%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1084634     82.29%     82.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24234      1.84%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          146      0.01%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       131082      9.94%     94.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        78038      5.92%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1318134                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.516249                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3338                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002532                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4911907                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1635378                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1293644                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1321472                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6323                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30693                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           21                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           80                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5531                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1071                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        44142                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         28084                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1716                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1414191                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          335                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143948                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        79664                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          170                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          952                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           42                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           80                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11368                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12980                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        24348                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1298781                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       124109                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19352                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             201965                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         176244                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            77856                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.508669                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1293776                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1293644                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          765181                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1940868                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.506657                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.394247                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       956182                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1166136                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       249126                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          297                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        21430                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2226176                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523829                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.374475                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1753906     78.79%     78.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       224680     10.09%     88.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93434      4.20%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47774      2.15%     95.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        35749      1.61%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20401      0.92%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12566      0.56%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10459      0.47%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27207      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2226176                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       956182                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1166136                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               187388                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              113255                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               148                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           162055                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1054163                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        22737                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        27207                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3614218                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2874697                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 34696                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                282974                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            956182                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1166136                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       956182                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.670299                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.670299                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.374490                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.374490                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        5895928                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1766385                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1348503                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          296                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2553292                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         196232                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       174373                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17018                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       126042                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         123014                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11738                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          537                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2039578                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1111894                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            196232                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       134752                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              246824                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         55685                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        32978                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          124603                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16576                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2357956                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.531447                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.785003                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2111132     89.53%     89.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          37006      1.57%     91.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          19272      0.82%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          35973      1.53%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          11810      0.50%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          33325      1.41%     95.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           5327      0.23%     95.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7           9056      0.38%     95.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8          95055      4.03%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2357956                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.076855                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.435475                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        1975314                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        97942                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          246210                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          257                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        38232                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        19308                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          345                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1248983                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1352                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        38232                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        1982509                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         64733                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        13064                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          240350                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        19067                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1246363                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents          975                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        17170                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1641911                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      5653485                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      5653485                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1303223                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         338678                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           34273                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       219136                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        36683                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          204                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores         8355                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1238107                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1149651                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1160                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       239810                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       504271                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2357956                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.487563                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.103575                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1852488     78.56%     78.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       166272      7.05%     85.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       161134      6.83%     92.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        97845      4.15%     96.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        50696      2.15%     98.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13319      0.56%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15531      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          357      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          314      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2357956                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2106     58.44%     58.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead          837     23.22%     81.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          661     18.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       905605     78.77%     78.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9224      0.80%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       198430     17.26%     96.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        36309      3.16%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1149651                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.450262                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3604                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003135                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4662022                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1478092                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1118756                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1153255                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          949                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        46694                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1109                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        38232                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         33256                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2267                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1238272                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           77                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       219136                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36683                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          413                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           34                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10261                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7805                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        18066                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1133132                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       195189                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16519                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             231494                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         171767                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            36305                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.443793                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1119124                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1118756                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          676569                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1492856                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.438162                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.453204                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts       881951                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps       995972                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       242363                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        16757                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2319724                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.429349                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.297608                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1947580     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       147094      6.34%     90.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93990      4.05%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28992      1.25%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48744      2.10%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9834      0.42%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6301      0.27%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5542      0.24%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31647      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2319724                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts       881951                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps       995972                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               208016                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              172442                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           152907                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts          870776                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        12659                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        31647                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3526412                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2514943                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 45142                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                195336                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts            881951                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps              995972                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total       881951                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.895050                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.895050                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.345417                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.345417                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        5256366                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1464402                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1315176                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2553292                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         210581                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172505                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22291                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86361                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80662                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21213                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1018                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2016129                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1177932                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            210581                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       101875                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              244590                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         61778                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        45735                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          124954                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22122                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2345662                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617114                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965094                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2101072     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          11392      0.49%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          17726      0.76%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          23692      1.01%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          25107      1.07%     92.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          21169      0.90%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          11411      0.49%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          17861      0.76%     95.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         116232      4.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2345662                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.082474                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.461339                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        1995676                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        66671                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          243942                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          374                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        38997                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        34266                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          211                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1444025                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1273                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        38997                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2001701                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         13171                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        40513                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          238282                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        12994                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1442250                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1635                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         5774                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2013511                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6706449                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6706449                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1712504                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         300996                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          356                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          187                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           40688                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       136191                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        72125                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          814                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        27149                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1438831                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          358                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1355792                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          297                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       178378                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       434478                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2345662                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578000                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.265363                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1764595     75.23%     75.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       245194     10.45%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122537      5.22%     90.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86425      3.68%     94.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69182      2.95%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28817      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18208      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9444      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1260      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2345662                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           312     12.73%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead          905     36.94%     49.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1233     50.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1140785     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20143      1.49%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          168      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       122907      9.07%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71789      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1355792                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.530998                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2450                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001807                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5059993                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1617582                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1333277                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1358242                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2636                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24924                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           16                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1355                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        38997                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         10317                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1115                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1439193                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          596                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       136191                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72125                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          187                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          923                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           16                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12182                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13083                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        25265                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1335447                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115329                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20345                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             187102                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         189257                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            71773                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.523029                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1333373                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1333277                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          767028                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2068016                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.522180                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.370900                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts       998424                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1228465                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       210733                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          342                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        22345                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2306665                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532572                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.367878                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1795703     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       256689     11.13%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93684      4.06%     93.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44583      1.93%     94.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42334      1.84%     96.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22163      0.96%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16509      0.72%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8546      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26454      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2306665                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts       998424                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1228465                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               182037                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              111267                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           177125                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1106825                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        25288                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        26454                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3719396                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2917402                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 32530                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                207630                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            998424                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1228465                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total       998424                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.557322                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.557322                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.391034                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.391034                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6008213                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1859510                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1337251                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          342                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2553292                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         207910                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       170294                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22017                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84301                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79082                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21081                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          964                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1987225                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1187311                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            207910                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       100163                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              259628                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         63330                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        59017                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          123924                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21768                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2346834                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.619449                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.975815                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2087206     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          27583      1.18%     90.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          32032      1.36%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          17573      0.75%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          20021      0.85%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          11453      0.49%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           7664      0.33%     93.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          20371      0.87%     94.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         122931      5.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2346834                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.081428                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.465012                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        1971023                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        75810                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          257354                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         2034                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        40608                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        33772                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          356                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1449156                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1980                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        40608                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        1974504                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         15083                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        51755                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          255949                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         8930                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1447317                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         1811                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         4428                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2014117                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6738405                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6738405                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1688159                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         325958                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          378                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          214                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           26154                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       139045                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        74500                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1786                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        16331                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1443497                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          378                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1355226                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1980                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       199159                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       464421                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           50                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2346834                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577470                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269118                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1777320     75.73%     75.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       228033      9.72%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123325      5.25%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85257      3.63%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74714      3.18%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38205      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9438      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6073      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4469      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2346834                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           335     10.78%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1438     46.25%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1336     42.97%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1134698     83.73%     83.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21197      1.56%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          164      0.01%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       125359      9.25%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73808      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1355226                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.530776                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3109                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002294                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5062375                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1643072                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1330324                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1358335                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3330                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27378                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           38                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2287                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           82                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        40608                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         11119                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1034                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1443876                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            1                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       139045                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74500                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          214                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          718                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           38                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12102                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12794                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        24896                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1333205                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       117114                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22021                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             190880                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         185731                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            73766                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.522151                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1330405                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1330324                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          791705                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2076153                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.521023                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381333                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts       991126                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1215787                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       228103                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        21987                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2306226                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.527176                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345588                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1809471     78.46%     78.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       230452      9.99%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96863      4.20%     92.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        57401      2.49%     95.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40120      1.74%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26036      1.13%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13762      0.60%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10794      0.47%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21327      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2306226                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts       991126                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1215787                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               183880                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              111667                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           173978                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1096093                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        24725                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        21327                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3728789                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2928391                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 32136                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                206458                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts            991126                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1215787                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total       991126                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.576153                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.576153                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.388176                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.388176                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6012094                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1849657                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1350269                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2553292                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         198267                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       161628                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21208                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80097                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          75640                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19706                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          916                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1919780                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1171909                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            198267                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches        95346                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              240404                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         66767                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        63297                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          120211                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21258                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2268278                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628066                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.994873                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2027874     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          12678      0.56%     89.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          20200      0.89%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          30106      1.33%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          12748      0.56%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          14971      0.66%     93.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          15599      0.69%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          11024      0.49%     94.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         123078      5.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2268278                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077652                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.458980                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1895236                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        88626                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          238599                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         1409                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        44403                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        32172                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          370                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1420060                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1363                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        44403                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1900155                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         41578                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        31689                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          235223                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        15225                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1416938                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          841                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         2786                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         7657                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1325                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1937245                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6604517                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6604517                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1589637                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         347583                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          316                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          171                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           43852                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       144003                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        79178                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4126                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        16016                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1412069                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          319                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1315946                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2132                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       222592                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       511135                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2268278                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580152                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.264790                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1707546     75.28%     75.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       227595     10.03%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125552      5.54%     90.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82437      3.63%     94.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75515      3.33%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        23318      1.03%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16711      0.74%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5812      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3792      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2268278                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           394     11.95%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1379     41.81%     53.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1525     46.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1083202     82.31%     82.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24233      1.84%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          145      0.01%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       130790      9.94%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        77576      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1315946                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.515392                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3298                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002506                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4905594                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1635053                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1291084                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1319244                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6215                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31113                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           74                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5280                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1030                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        44403                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         29417                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1788                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1412394                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           76                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       144003                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        79178                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          171                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1023                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           52                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           74                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11329                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13162                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        24491                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1296212                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       123748                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19728                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             201163                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         175788                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            77415                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.507663                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1291219                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1291084                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          764375                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1939740                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.505655                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.394061                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       953138                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1162329                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       251099                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          297                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        21573                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2223875                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522659                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372770                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1752806     78.82%     78.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       224323     10.09%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93126      4.19%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47759      2.15%     95.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        35444      1.59%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20400      0.92%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12531      0.56%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10373      0.47%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27113      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2223875                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       953138                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1162329                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               186788                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              112890                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               148                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           161476                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1050738                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        22650                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        27113                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3610177                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2871285                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 34844                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                285014                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            953138                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1162329                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       953138                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.678827                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.678827                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.373298                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.373298                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        5883912                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1763472                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1345926                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          296                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2553292                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         207970                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       170509                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21998                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84772                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79264                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21061                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          979                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1985268                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1186785                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            207970                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       100325                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              259548                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         63342                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        62117                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          123772                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21743                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2347930                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.618747                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.974652                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2088382     88.95%     88.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          27622      1.18%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          32096      1.37%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          17526      0.75%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          19970      0.85%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          11391      0.49%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           7817      0.33%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          20363      0.87%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         122763      5.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2347930                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.081452                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.464806                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1968939                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        79012                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          257231                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         2100                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        40643                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        33631                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          354                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1448229                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1968                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        40643                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1972458                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         14529                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        55387                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          255851                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles         9057                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1446400                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         1887                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         4449                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      2012869                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      6732870                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      6732870                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1687708                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         325156                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          375                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          211                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           26323                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       138694                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        74307                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1752                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        16296                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1442872                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          375                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1354269                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1914                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       199028                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       464059                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           47                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2347930                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576793                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268401                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1778572     75.75%     75.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       228104      9.72%     85.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123466      5.26%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85109      3.62%     94.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74533      3.17%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38111      1.62%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9501      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6059      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4475      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2347930                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           352     11.47%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1379     44.93%     56.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1338     43.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1134225     83.75%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21159      1.56%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          164      0.01%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       125048      9.23%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73673      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1354269                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.530401                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3069                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002266                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5061451                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1642312                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1329637                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1357338                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3357                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27071                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2119                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           82                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        40643                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         10394                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1058                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1443249                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            5                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       138694                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74307                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          211                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          732                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12137                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12804                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        24941                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1332457                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       116984                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21812                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             190624                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         185691                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            73640                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.521858                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1329705                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1329637                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          791559                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         2075139                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.520754                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.381449                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       990852                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1215418                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       227835                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        21969                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2307287                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526774                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345043                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1810573     78.47%     78.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       230451      9.99%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96854      4.20%     92.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        57612      2.50%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        39873      1.73%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26068      1.13%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13742      0.60%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10773      0.47%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21341      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2307287                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       990852                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1215418                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               183808                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              111620                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           173912                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1095744                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        24704                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        21341                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3729199                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2927157                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 32149                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                205362                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            990852                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1215418                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       990852                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.576865                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.576865                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.388068                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.388068                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        6008642                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1848966                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1349536                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2553292                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         195608                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173760                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17004                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       128131                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         122926                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11868                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          576                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2039438                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1108421                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            195608                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       134794                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              246406                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         55315                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        34293                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          124528                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16583                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2358359                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.529960                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.782376                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2111953     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          37147      1.58%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          19162      0.81%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          35940      1.52%     93.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          11753      0.50%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          33385      1.42%     95.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6           5282      0.22%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7           8980      0.38%     95.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8          94757      4.02%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2358359                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.076610                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.434114                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1969612                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       104812                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          245785                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          275                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        37874                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        19256                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          349                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1245789                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1376                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        37874                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1977387                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         69482                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        13725                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          239596                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        20294                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1243170                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents          986                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        18403                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1636955                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      5639427                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      5639427                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1302533                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         334409                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           36018                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       218882                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        36710                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          318                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores         8314                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1234899                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1147817                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1096                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       237183                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       497390                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2358359                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.486702                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.101874                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1852878     78.57%     78.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167303      7.09%     85.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       160311      6.80%     92.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        97709      4.14%     96.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        50930      2.16%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13286      0.56%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15278      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          365      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          299      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2358359                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2076     57.91%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead          846     23.60%     81.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          663     18.49%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       904101     78.77%     78.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9208      0.80%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       198122     17.26%     96.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        36303      3.16%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1147817                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.449544                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3585                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003123                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4658674                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1472256                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1116856                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1151402                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          972                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        46617                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1138                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        37874                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         34963                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2489                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1235064                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           80                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       218882                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36710                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          425                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           30                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10263                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7681                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        17944                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1131038                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       194816                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16779                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             231109                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         171503                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            36293                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.442972                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1117269                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1116856                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          675804                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1490461                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.437418                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.453419                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts       881355                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps       995376                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       239742                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        16739                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2320485                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.428952                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296884                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1948466     83.97%     83.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       147084      6.34%     90.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93863      4.04%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        29183      1.26%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48663      2.10%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9758      0.42%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6325      0.27%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5519      0.24%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31624      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2320485                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts       881355                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps       995376                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               207835                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              172263                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           152808                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts          870277                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        12658                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        31624                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3523979                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2508145                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 45004                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                194933                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts            881355                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps              995376                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total       881355                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.897007                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.897007                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.345184                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.345184                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        5246850                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1461676                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1311525                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2553292                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         210320                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172267                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22299                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86613                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80719                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21176                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1005                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2016610                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1176504                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            210320                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       101895                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              244359                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         61741                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        47040                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          124933                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22120                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2347171                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615908                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.963007                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2102812     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          11396      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          17673      0.75%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          23747      1.01%     91.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          25075      1.07%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          21106      0.90%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          11575      0.49%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          17918      0.76%     95.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         115869      4.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2347171                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.082372                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.460779                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1996235                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        67906                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          243709                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          368                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        38951                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        34238                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          212                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1442071                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1273                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        38951                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2002195                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         14230                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        40863                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          238132                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        12796                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1440356                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         1575                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         5719                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      2010593                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6697619                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6697619                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1710864                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         299729                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          359                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          190                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           40342                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       135967                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        72113                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads          802                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        27247                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1437071                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1354721                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          292                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       177524                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       431165                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2347171                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577172                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.264757                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1766445     75.26%     75.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       245138     10.44%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122579      5.22%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86306      3.68%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69008      2.94%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28754      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18201      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9421      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1319      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2347171                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           297     12.23%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead          900     37.05%     49.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1232     50.72%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1139815     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20121      1.49%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          168      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       122852      9.07%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71765      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1354721                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.530578                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2429                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001793                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5059334                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1614971                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1332180                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1357150                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2603                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24787                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           16                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1396                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        38951                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         11352                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1170                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1437439                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          564                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       135967                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72113                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          190                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          985                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           16                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12287                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13005                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        25292                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1334358                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115296                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20363                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             187045                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         189109                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            71749                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.522603                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1332272                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1332180                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          766139                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         2065583                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.521750                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.370907                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       997485                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1227328                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       210116                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          342                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        22354                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2308220                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531721                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366834                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1797503     77.87%     77.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       256704     11.12%     89.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93744      4.06%     93.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44450      1.93%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42208      1.83%     96.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22109      0.96%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16543      0.72%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8521      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26438      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2308220                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       997485                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1227328                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               181897                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              111180                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           176956                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1105812                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        25267                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        26438                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3719213                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2913848                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 32407                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                206121                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            997485                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1227328                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       997485                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.559730                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.559730                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.390666                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.390666                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        6003372                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1857718                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1335781                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          342                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2553292                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         207868                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       170274                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22013                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84281                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79061                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21072                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          963                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1986744                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1187142                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            207868                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       100133                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              259586                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         63318                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        59443                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          123898                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21765                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2346729                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.619377                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.975723                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2087143     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          27580      1.18%     90.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          32031      1.36%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          17566      0.75%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          20021      0.85%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          11446      0.49%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           7661      0.33%     93.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          20359      0.87%     94.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         122922      5.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2346729                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.081412                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.464946                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1970548                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        76229                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          257314                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         2033                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        40600                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        33757                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          356                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1448927                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1980                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        40600                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1974028                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         14853                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        52403                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          255907                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         8933                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1447078                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         1803                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         4441                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      2013831                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6737333                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6737333                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1687920                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         325903                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          380                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          216                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           26180                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       139012                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        74485                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1786                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        16328                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1443236                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          380                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1354985                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1975                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       199098                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       464275                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           52                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2346729                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577393                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1777329     75.74%     75.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       227991      9.72%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123283      5.25%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85249      3.63%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74698      3.18%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38200      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9435      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6073      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4471      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2346729                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           336     10.81%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1437     46.22%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1336     42.97%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1134507     83.73%     83.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21197      1.56%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          164      0.01%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       125326      9.25%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73791      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1354985                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.530682                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3109                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002294                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5061783                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1642752                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1330096                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1358094                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3338                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27366                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           38                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2285                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           82                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        40600                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         10904                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1031                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1443617                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       139012                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74485                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          216                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          717                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           38                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12099                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12793                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        24892                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1332971                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       117086                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22014                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             190835                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         185690                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            73749                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.522060                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1330177                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1330096                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          791586                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         2075853                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.520934                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.381330                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       990978                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1215594                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       228037                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        21983                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2306129                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.527114                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345588                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1809487     78.46%     78.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       230386      9.99%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96842      4.20%     92.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        57393      2.49%     95.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40105      1.74%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26029      1.13%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13763      0.60%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10790      0.47%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21334      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2306129                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       990978                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1215594                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               183846                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              111646                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           173941                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1095911                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        24713                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        21334                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3728426                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2927872                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 32132                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                206563                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            990978                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1215594                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       990978                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.576538                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.576538                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.388118                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.388118                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        6011064                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1849383                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1350061                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2553292                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         210902                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172633                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22196                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86601                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80819                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21275                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1015                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2017198                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1179713                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            210902                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       102094                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              245063                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         61449                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        45828                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          124962                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22014                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2347062                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617557                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965206                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2101999     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          11441      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          17686      0.75%     90.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          23850      1.02%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          25177      1.07%     92.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          21350      0.91%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          11537      0.49%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          17774      0.76%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         116248      4.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2347062                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.082600                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.462036                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1996829                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        66683                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          244432                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          355                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        38761                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        34438                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          214                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1445926                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1281                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        38761                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2002833                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         13528                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        40206                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          238775                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        12955                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1444233                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         1611                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         5769                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      2015764                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      6715377                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      6715377                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1716663                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         299089                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          347                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          178                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           40566                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       136151                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        72385                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          811                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        27354                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1440848                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          348                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1358674                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          300                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       176886                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       429517                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2347062                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578883                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266151                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1764953     75.20%     75.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       245313     10.45%     85.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122910      5.24%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86773      3.70%     94.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69327      2.95%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28796      1.23%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18281      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9424      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1285      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2347062                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           302     12.42%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead          895     36.80%     49.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1235     50.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1143036     84.13%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20235      1.49%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          168      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       123217      9.07%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72018      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1358674                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.532126                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2432                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001790                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5067142                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1618099                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1336428                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1361106                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2892                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24588                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           18                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1432                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        38761                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         10629                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1138                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1441200                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          628                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       136151                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72385                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          178                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          962                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           18                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12101                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13049                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        25150                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1338602                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115805                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20072                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             187805                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         189766                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            72000                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.524265                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1336526                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1336428                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          768510                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         2071242                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.523414                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371038                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000837                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1231512                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       209684                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          341                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        22249                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2308301                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533514                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.368628                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1795870     77.80%     77.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       257440     11.15%     88.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93983      4.07%     93.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44879      1.94%     94.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42374      1.84%     96.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22210      0.96%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16480      0.71%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8477      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26588      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2308301                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1000837                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1231512                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               182514                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              111561                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           177564                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1109601                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        25367                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        26588                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3722896                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2921172                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 32384                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                206230                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1000837                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1231512                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1000837                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.551157                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.551157                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.391979                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.391979                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        6022808                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1863318                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1339677                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2553292                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         207823                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       170245                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22009                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84255                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79037                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21065                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          962                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1986284                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1186962                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            207823                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       100102                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              259544                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         63308                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        61980                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          123869                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21762                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2348758                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.618744                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.974828                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2089214     88.95%     88.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          27580      1.17%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          32025      1.36%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          17560      0.75%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          20018      0.85%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          11440      0.49%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           7658      0.33%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          20353      0.87%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         122910      5.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2348758                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.081394                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.464875                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1970099                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        78756                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          257272                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         2032                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        40594                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        33744                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          356                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1448698                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1980                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        40594                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1973580                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         14819                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        54969                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          255866                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         8925                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1446845                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         1812                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         4424                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      2013530                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      6736292                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      6736292                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1687641                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         325862                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          379                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          215                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           26141                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       138983                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        74472                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1785                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        16325                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1443011                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          379                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1354759                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1974                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       199078                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       464254                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           51                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2348758                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576798                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268564                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1779448     75.76%     75.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       227960      9.71%     85.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123272      5.25%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85218      3.63%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74690      3.18%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38194      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9432      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6073      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4471      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2348758                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           335     10.79%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1434     46.20%     56.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1335     43.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1134325     83.73%     83.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21197      1.56%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          164      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       125294      9.25%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73779      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1354759                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.530593                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3104                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002291                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5063353                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1642506                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1329880                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1357863                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3330                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27363                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           38                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2284                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           82                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        40594                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         10867                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1035                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1443391                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            1                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       138983                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74472                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          215                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          717                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           38                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12096                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12792                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        24888                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1332753                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       117058                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22005                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             190795                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         185651                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            73737                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.521974                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1329961                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1329880                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          791485                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         2075618                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.520849                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.381325                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       990817                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1215378                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       228010                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        21979                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2308164                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526556                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344931                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1811587     78.49%     78.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       230356      9.98%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96843      4.20%     92.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        57378      2.49%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40101      1.74%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26028      1.13%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13760      0.60%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10790      0.47%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21321      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2308164                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       990817                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1215378                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               183805                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              111617                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           173904                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1095711                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        24704                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        21321                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3730231                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2927390                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 32122                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                204534                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            990817                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1215378                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       990817                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.576956                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.576956                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.388055                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.388055                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        6010090                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1849115                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1349843                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2553292                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         210676                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172512                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22094                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86673                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80861                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21278                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1008                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2015797                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1178653                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            210676                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       102139                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              244959                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         61265                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        46491                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          124791                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21946                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2346141                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617375                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964976                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2101182     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          11328      0.48%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          17975      0.77%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          23900      1.02%     91.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          25025      1.07%     92.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          21248      0.91%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          11571      0.49%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          17591      0.75%     95.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         116321      4.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2346141                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.082512                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.461621                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1995368                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        67375                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          244340                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          373                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        38683                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        34371                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          212                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1445089                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1265                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        38683                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2001368                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         14013                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        40485                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          238706                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        12882                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1443465                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         1541                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         5773                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      2014527                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6712596                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6712596                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1715728                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         298799                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          346                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          177                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           40472                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       136285                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        72317                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          797                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        15422                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1440129                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          348                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1357715                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          318                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       177371                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       431684                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2346141                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578701                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272636                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1773790     75.60%     75.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       234256      9.98%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118952      5.07%     90.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        89945      3.83%     94.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        71228      3.04%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        29000      1.24%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18255      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9442      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1273      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2346141                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           320     12.98%     12.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead          903     36.62%     49.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1243     50.41%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1142083     84.12%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20247      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          168      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       123263      9.08%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71954      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1357715                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.531751                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2466                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001816                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5064355                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1617862                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1335266                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1360181                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2853                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24809                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1409                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        38683                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         11131                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1162                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1440482                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          640                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       136285                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72317                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          178                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          984                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12092                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12975                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        25067                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1337393                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115619                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20322                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             187558                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         189550                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            71939                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.523792                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1335353                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1335266                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          768134                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2070549                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.522959                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.370981                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000286                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1230785                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       209704                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          341                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        22148                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2307458                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533394                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.382785                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1803197     78.15%     78.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       249874     10.83%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        94517      4.10%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44601      1.93%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37724      1.63%     96.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21899      0.95%     97.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19545      0.85%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8395      0.36%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27706      1.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2307458                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1000286                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1230785                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               182384                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              111476                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           177445                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1108924                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        25337                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        27706                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3720228                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2919668                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 32305                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                207151                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1000286                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1230785                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1000286                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.552562                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.552562                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.391763                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.391763                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6017759                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1861508                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1338412                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2553292                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         230645                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       192232                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22694                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89528                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          81992                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24283                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1023                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1996759                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1264957                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            230645                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       106275                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              262581                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         64296                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        66465                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          125682                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21662                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2367194                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.657212                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.036601                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2104613     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          15809      0.67%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          20077      0.85%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          32171      1.36%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          13089      0.55%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          17111      0.72%     93.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          19922      0.84%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7           9387      0.40%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         135015      5.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2367194                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.090332                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.495422                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1985012                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        79562                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          261281                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          161                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        41172                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        34743                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1545395                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1293                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        41172                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        1987503                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles          6345                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        67194                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          258922                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         6052                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1535514                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents          842                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         4113                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      2145692                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      7135960                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      7135960                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1758542                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         387150                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          366                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          191                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           22313                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       145427                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        74040                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads          856                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        16794                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1497170                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          368                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1424159                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2025                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       204011                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       432476                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2367194                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601623                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.324493                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1765342     74.58%     74.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       273534     11.56%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112049      4.73%     90.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63482      2.68%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        84677      3.58%     97.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27098      1.14%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26305      1.11%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13603      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1104      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2367194                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10050     78.84%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1407     11.04%     89.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1291     10.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1200008     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19262      1.35%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          174      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       131009      9.20%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73706      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1424159                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.557774                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12748                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008951                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5230285                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1701568                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1384756                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1436907                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1098                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31135                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           20                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1446                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        41172                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles          4738                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles          664                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1497539                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          944                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       145427                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74040                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          192                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          591                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           20                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12744                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13104                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        25848                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1397782                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128244                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26377                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             201926                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         196973                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            73682                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.547443                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1384795                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1384756                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          829414                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         2230531                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.542341                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371846                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1022907                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1260358                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       237186                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          353                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        22677                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2326022                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.541851                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361586                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1792246     77.05%     77.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       270861     11.64%     88.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98236      4.22%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        48625      2.09%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44562      1.92%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18882      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18741      0.81%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8906      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24963      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2326022                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1022907                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1260358                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               186886                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              114292                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           182651                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1134731                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        26004                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        24963                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3798590                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           3036265                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 32362                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                186098                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1022907                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1260358                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1022907                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.496114                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.496114                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.400623                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.400623                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        6286781                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1937463                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1427159                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          352                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2553292                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         195903                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       174025                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16953                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       126749                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         123192                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11784                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          562                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2039488                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1109435                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            195903                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       134976                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              246549                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         55158                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        33319                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          124499                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16505                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2357471                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.530468                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.782925                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2110922     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          37055      1.57%     91.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          19171      0.81%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          36055      1.53%     93.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          11804      0.50%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          33491      1.42%     95.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           5271      0.22%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7           8913      0.38%     95.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8          94789      4.02%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2357471                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.076726                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.434512                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1971083                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       102431                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          245919                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          266                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        37771                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        19287                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          345                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1246413                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1347                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        37771                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1978733                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         67576                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        13670                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          239806                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        19914                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1243620                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents          959                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        18076                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1637577                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      5640392                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      5640392                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1304253                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         333298                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           35645                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       218805                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        36730                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          277                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores         8335                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1235350                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1148260                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1077                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       236166                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       496622                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2357471                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.487073                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.101688                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1851587     78.54%     78.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167205      7.09%     85.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       160778      6.82%     92.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98144      4.16%     96.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        50679      2.15%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13097      0.56%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15314      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          354      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          313      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2357471                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2058     58.25%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead          817     23.12%     81.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          658     18.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       904168     78.74%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9243      0.80%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       198430     17.28%     96.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        36336      3.16%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1148260                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.449717                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3533                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003077                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4658601                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1471692                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1117710                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1151793                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          904                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        46097                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           11                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1154                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        37771                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         33769                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2473                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1235515                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           79                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       218805                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36730                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          463                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           33                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           11                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10282                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7675                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        17957                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1131864                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       195139                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16396                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             231467                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         171792                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            36328                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.443296                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1118117                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1117710                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          675967                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1489162                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.437753                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.453924                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       882816                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps       996837                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       238742                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        16692                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2319700                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.429727                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298282                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1947290     83.95%     83.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       147223      6.35%     90.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        94010      4.05%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28993      1.25%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48819      2.10%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9781      0.42%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6336      0.27%     98.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5566      0.24%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31682      1.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2319700                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       882816                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps       996837                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               208277                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              172701                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           153047                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts          871503                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        12660                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        31682                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3523597                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2508981                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 44965                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                195821                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            882816                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps              996837                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       882816                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.892213                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.892213                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.345756                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.345756                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        5250907                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1462569                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1312916                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2553292                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         197584                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       161035                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21195                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79443                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          75133                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19717                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          935                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1917363                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1169551                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            197584                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        94850                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              239794                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         66558                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        63458                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          119998                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21208                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2265211                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.627615                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.994636                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2025417     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          12547      0.55%     89.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          20138      0.89%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          30277      1.34%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          12617      0.56%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          14852      0.66%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          15324      0.68%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          10957      0.48%     94.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         123082      5.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2265211                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077384                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.458056                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1892494                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        89112                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          237972                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1427                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        44201                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        32064                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          372                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1417094                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1394                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        44201                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1897476                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         41786                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        31413                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          234541                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        15789                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1414005                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          927                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         2844                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         7887                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1540                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1933488                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      6591221                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      6591221                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1587283                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         346200                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          317                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          170                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           44718                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       143754                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        79127                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4084                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        15976                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1408944                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          320                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1313702                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2093                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       221185                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       507138                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2265211                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579947                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.264518                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1705516     75.29%     75.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       226827     10.01%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125792      5.55%     90.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82249      3.63%     94.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75212      3.32%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        23284      1.03%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16814      0.74%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5744      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3773      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2265211                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           369     11.27%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1372     41.89%     53.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1534     46.84%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1080986     82.29%     82.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24184      1.84%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          145      0.01%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       130795      9.96%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        77592      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1313702                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.514513                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3275                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002493                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4897983                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1630524                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1288888                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1316977                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6370                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31008                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           21                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           76                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5314                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1039                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        44201                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         29757                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1785                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1409269                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           63                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143754                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        79127                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          172                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1000                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           62                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           76                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11333                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13150                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        24483                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1294124                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       123817                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19578                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             201243                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         175442                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            77426                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.506845                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1289025                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1288888                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          762592                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1933681                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.504795                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.394373                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       951782                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1160659                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       249771                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          297                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        21559                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2221010                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522582                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372315                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1750448     78.81%     78.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       224060     10.09%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93211      4.20%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47553      2.14%     95.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        35479      1.60%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20358      0.92%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12515      0.56%     98.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10366      0.47%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27020      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2221010                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       951782                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1160659                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               186556                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              112743                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               148                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           161242                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1049233                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        22618                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        27020                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3604407                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2865082                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 34749                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                288081                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            951782                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1160659                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       951782                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.682644                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.682644                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.372767                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.372767                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        5875210                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1760422                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1343590                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          296                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           4507                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32741.097618                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           523209                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          37246                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          14.047388                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1557.179740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    21.808328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data    72.733303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    18.457390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   273.989658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.619489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   109.840150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    21.793203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    79.255229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.772293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    72.940433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    17.717878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   284.907071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.773096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data    78.441707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.889697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   104.844865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    21.796136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    76.268498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    13.773075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data    79.684677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    21.799516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    77.264983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.772762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    79.952289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    23.675838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    80.616378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    11.820503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    64.748187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    11.737832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   107.066868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    17.473289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   290.072749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1385.385465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst                    1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          2698.734289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          2042.459124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1369.455977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1771.720791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst                    1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          2649.117527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1638.613464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          2060.672713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1373.090670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1814.370551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1374.838686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1649.913059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1349.356158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1108.176751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          2049.230894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst                    1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          2642.474384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.047521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.002220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.008362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.003352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.002419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.002226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.008695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.002394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.003200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.002328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.002432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.002358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.002440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.002460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.001976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.003267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.008852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.042279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.inst            0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.082359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.062331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.041792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.054069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.inst            0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.080845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.050007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.062887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.041903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.055370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.041957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.050351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.041179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.033819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.062538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.inst            0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.080642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          522                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          329                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          510                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          246                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          259                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          292                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    5166                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             2996                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  2996                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    27                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          525                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     5193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          257                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          525                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          287                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          246                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          329                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          513                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          308                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          290                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          249                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          318                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          252                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          310                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          245                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          262                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          292                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          495                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    5193                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          146                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          230                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          561                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          185                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          225                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          153                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          151                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          183                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  4306                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           64                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           62                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           62                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 188                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          230                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          183                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   4494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          146                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          608                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          230                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          156                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          165                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          623                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          185                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          225                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          153                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          175                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          151                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          183                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          159                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          131                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          227                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          641                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  4494                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3987810                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     21926629                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3957690                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     82118451                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2164954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     34740411                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4312990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     23203752                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2298178                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     25519384                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3749242                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     84047032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2264723                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     28033353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2253961                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     34049158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4223004                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     23201117                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2062966                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     26414986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4124968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     22757905                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2295495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     27422771                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4613469                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     23832643                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4094786                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     19800023                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1813587                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     34154107                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3586664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     87270363                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       650296572                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      9731433                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      9312771                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      9376921                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      28421125                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3987810                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     21926629                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3957690                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     91849884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2164954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     34740411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4312990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     23203752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2298178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     25519384                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3749242                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     93359803                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2264723                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     28033353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2253961                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     34049158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4223004                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     23201117                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2062966                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     26414986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4124968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     22757905                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2295495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     27422771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4613469                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     23832643                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4094786                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     19800023                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1813587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     34154107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3586664                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     96647284                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        678717697                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3987810                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     21926629                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3957690                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     91849884                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2164954                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     34740411                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4312990                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     23203752                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2298178                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     25519384                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3749242                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     93359803                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2264723                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     28033353                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2253961                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     34049158                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4223004                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     23201117                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2062966                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     26414986                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4124968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     22757905                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2295495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     27422771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4613469                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     23832643                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4094786                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     19800023                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1813587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     34154107                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3586664                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     96647284                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       678717697                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1066                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          517                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                9472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2996                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              2996                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               215                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 9687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                9687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.365000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.510319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.444874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.390977                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.334008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.523810                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.375254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.436893                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.383459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.354970                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.377500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.371197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.937500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.396509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.335897                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.437380                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.540616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.454603                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.955224                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.953846                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.953846                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.874419                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.362283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.536628                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.444874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.388060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.334008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.548415                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.375254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.436893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.380597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.354970                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.374690                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.371197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.937500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.393564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.437380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.564261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.463921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.362283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.536628                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.444874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.388060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.334008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.548415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.375254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.436893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.380597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.354970                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.374690                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.371197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.937500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.393564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.437380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.564261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.463921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 147696.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150182.390411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152218.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150953.034926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154639.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151045.265217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 159740.370370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       148742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 164155.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 154662.933333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 149969.680000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 149816.456328                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 161765.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151531.637838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150264.066667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151329.591111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156407.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151641.287582                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 147354.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150942.777143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152776.592593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150714.602649                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163963.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 149851.207650                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 153782.300000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 149890.836478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 157491.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151145.213740                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151132.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150458.621145                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 149444.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150726.015544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151021.033906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 152053.640625                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150205.983871                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151240.661290                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151176.196809                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 147696.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150182.390411                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152218.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151068.888158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154639.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151045.265217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 159740.370370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       148742                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 164155.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 154662.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 149969.680000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 149855.221509                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 161765.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151531.637838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150264.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151329.591111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156407.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151641.287582                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 147354.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150942.777143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152776.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150714.602649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163963.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 149851.207650                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 153782.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 149890.836478                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 157491.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151145.213740                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151132.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150458.621145                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 149444.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150775.794072                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151027.524922                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 147696.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150182.390411                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152218.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151068.888158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154639.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151045.265217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 159740.370370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       148742                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 164155.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 154662.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 149969.680000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 149855.221509                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 161765.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151531.637838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150264.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151329.591111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156407.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151641.287582                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 147354.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150942.777143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152776.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150714.602649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163963.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 149851.207650                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 153782.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 149890.836478                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 157491.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151145.213740                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151132.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150458.621145                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 149444.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150775.794072                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151027.524922                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 2000                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      2000                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             4306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           64                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           62                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           62                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            188                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              4494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          146                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          608                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          230                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          185                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          225                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          183                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          641                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             4494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2417096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     13427082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2445857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     50439585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1353537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     21346938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2746913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     14120235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1487829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     15926887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2291229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     51389936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1450591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     17264373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1380851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     20944914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2657311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     14300283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1249442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     16234136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2558305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     13968875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1483775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     16771661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2868661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     14580089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2583386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     12169061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1118379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     20926333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2191669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     53570514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    399665733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      6000264                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      5700900                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      5766835                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17467999                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2417096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     13427082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2445857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     56439849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1353537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     21346938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2746913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     14120235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1487829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     15926887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2291229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     57090836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1450591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     17264373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1380851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     20944914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2657311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     14300283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1249442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     16234136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2558305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     13968875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1483775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     16771661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2868661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     14580089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2583386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     12169061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1118379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     20926333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2191669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     59337349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    417133732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2417096                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     13427082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2445857                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     56439849                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1353537                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     21346938                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2746913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     14120235                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1487829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     15926887                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2291229                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     57090836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1450591                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     17264373                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1380851                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     20944914                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2657311                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     14300283                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1249442                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     16234136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2558305                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     13968875                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1483775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     16771661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2868661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     14580089                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2583386                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     12169061                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1118379                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     20926333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2191669                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     59337349                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    417133732                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.365000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.510319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.444874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.390977                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.334008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.523810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.375254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.436893                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.383459                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.354970                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.377500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.371197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.937500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.396509                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.335897                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.437380                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.540616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.454603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.955224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.953846                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.953846                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.874419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.362283                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.536628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.444874                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.388060                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.334008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.548415                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.375254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.436893                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.380597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.354970                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.374690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.371197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.937500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.393564                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.437380                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.564261                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.463921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.362283                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.536628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.444874                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.388060                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.334008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.548415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.375254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.436893                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.380597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.354970                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.374690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.371197                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.937500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.393564                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.437380                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.564261                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.463921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 89522.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 91966.315068                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 94071.423077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92719.825368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 96681.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92812.773913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 101737.518519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 90514.326923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 106273.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 96526.587879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 91649.160000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91604.163993                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 103613.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93320.935135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92056.733333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93088.506667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 98418.925926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93465.901961                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 89245.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92766.491429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 94752.037037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92509.105960                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 105983.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91648.420765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 95622.033333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 91698.672956                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst        99361                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92893.595420                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 93198.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92186.488987                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 91319.541667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92522.476684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92816.008593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93754.125000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        91950                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93013.467742                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92914.888298                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 89522.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 91966.315068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 94071.423077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92828.699013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 96681.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92812.773913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 101737.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 90514.326923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 106273.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 96526.587879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 91649.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91638.581059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 103613.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93320.935135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92056.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93088.506667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 98418.925926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93465.901961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 89245.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92766.491429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 94752.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92509.105960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 105983.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91648.420765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 95622.033333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 91698.672956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst        99361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92893.595420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 93198.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92186.488987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 91319.541667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92569.967239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92820.145082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 89522.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 91966.315068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 94071.423077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92828.699013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 96681.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92812.773913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 101737.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 90514.326923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 106273.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 96526.587879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 91649.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91638.581059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 103613.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93320.935135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92056.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93088.506667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 98418.925926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93465.901961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 89245.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92766.491429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 94752.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92509.105960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 105983.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91648.420765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 95622.033333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 91698.672956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst        99361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92893.595420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 93198.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92186.488987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 91319.541667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92569.967239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92820.145082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              498.066934                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750132951                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1488359.029762                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    23.066934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.036966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.798184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124987                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124987                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         124987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        124987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7088299                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7088299                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7088299                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7088299                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7088299                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7088299                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       125024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       125024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 191575.648649                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 191575.648649                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 191575.648649                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 191575.648649                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 191575.648649                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 191575.648649                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5649192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5649192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5649192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5649192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5649192                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5649192                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 194799.724138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194799.724138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 194799.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194799.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 194799.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194799.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  403                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              113322608                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             171961.468892                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   143.804505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   112.195495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.561736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.438264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        84882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         84882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        70554                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70554                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          171                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          171                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       155436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         155436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       155436                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        155436                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1231                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1231                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         1247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1247                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         1247                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    150872478                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    150872478                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      3755610                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3755610                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    154628088                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    154628088                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    154628088                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    154628088                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        86113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        86113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        70570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          171                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       156683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       156683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.014295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.007959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.007959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 122560.908205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122560.908205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 234725.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 234725.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 124000.070569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124000.070569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 124000.070569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124000.070569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          844                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          844                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     42169939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42169939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       564118                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       564118                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     42734057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42734057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     42734057                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42734057                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105424.847500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105424.847500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 188039.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188039.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106039.843672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106039.843672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106039.843672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106039.843672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              508.910821                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              753891331                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1458203.735010                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    18.910821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.030306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.815562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       120194                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120194                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       120194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         120194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       120194                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        120194                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5370664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5370664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5370664                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5370664                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5370664                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5370664                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       120228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       120228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       120228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       120228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       120228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157960.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157960.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157960.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157960.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157960.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157960.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4407898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4407898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4407898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4407898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4407898                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4407898                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000225                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000225                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163255.481481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163255.481481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163255.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163255.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163255.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163255.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 1133                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              125626181                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 1389                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             90443.614831                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   189.737078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    66.262922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.741160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.258840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        91074                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         91074                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        73229                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73229                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       164303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         164303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       164303                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        164303                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2528                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2528                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          503                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          503                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3031                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         3031                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3031                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         3031                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    328852152                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    328852152                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     89865669                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     89865669                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    418717821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    418717821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    418717821                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    418717821                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        93602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        93602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        73732                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73732                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       167334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       167334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.027008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006822                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006822                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.018113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.018113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 130083.920886                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130083.920886                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 178659.381710                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178659.381710                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 138145.107555                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 138145.107555                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 138145.107555                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 138145.107555                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          515                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             515                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          436                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          436                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1898                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1898                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    123935634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123935634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     10672417                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10672417                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    134608051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    134608051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    134608051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    134608051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011389                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011389                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000909                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000909                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 116262.320826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116262.320826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 159289.805970                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159289.805970                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 118806.752868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118806.752868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 118806.752868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118806.752868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              539.618638                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              647141659                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  540                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1198410.479630                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.618638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.021825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.864773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       124587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       124587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         124587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       124587                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        124587                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2705232                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2705232                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2705232                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2705232                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2705232                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2705232                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       124603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       124603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       124603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       124603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       124603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       169077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       169077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       169077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       169077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       169077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       169077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2382356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2382356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2382356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2382356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2382356                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2382356                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170168.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170168.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170168.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170168.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170168.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170168.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  517                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              151389850                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  773                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             195847.153946                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   133.901300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   122.098700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.523052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.476948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       177653                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        177653                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        35409                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35409                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       213062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         213062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       213062                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        213062                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1875                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1875                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1875                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1875                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    215368579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    215368579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    215368579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    215368579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    215368579                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    215368579                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       179528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       179528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        35409                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35409                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       214937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       214937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       214937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       214937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008723                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008723                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008723                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008723                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 114863.242133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114863.242133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 114863.242133                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114863.242133                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 114863.242133                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114863.242133                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           61                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              61                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1358                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1358                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          517                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          517                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     56710111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56710111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     56710111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56710111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     56710111                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56710111                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109690.736944                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109690.736944                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109690.736944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109690.736944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109690.736944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109690.736944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              498.048202                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              750132883                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1488358.894841                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    23.048202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.036936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.798154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       124919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       124919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         124919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       124919                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        124919                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8517934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8517934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8517934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8517934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8517934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8517934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       124954                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124954                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       124954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       124954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       124954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       124954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 243369.542857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 243369.542857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 243369.542857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 243369.542857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 243369.542857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 243369.542857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7170966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7170966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7170966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7170966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7170966                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7170966                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 247274.689655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247274.689655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 247274.689655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247274.689655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 247274.689655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247274.689655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  402                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              113322305                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  658                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             172222.348024                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   143.679291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   112.320709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.561247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.438753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        84712                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         84712                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        70425                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70425                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          171                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          171                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       155137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         155137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       155137                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        155137                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1270                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1270                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    154186838                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    154186838                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1932397                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1932397                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    156119235                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    156119235                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    156119235                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    156119235                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        85964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        85964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        70443                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70443                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          171                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       156407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       156407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.014564                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014564                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000256                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 123152.426518                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123152.426518                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 107355.388889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107355.388889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122928.531496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122928.531496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122928.531496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122928.531496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          868                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          868                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     43515392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43515392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       353199                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       353199                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     43868591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43868591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     43868591                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43868591                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109061.132832                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109061.132832                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       117733                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       117733                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109125.848259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109125.848259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109125.848259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109125.848259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              495.771359                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              750707635                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1513523.457661                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.771359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.022069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       123905                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        123905                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       123905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         123905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       123905                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        123905                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3185619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3185619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3185619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3185619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3185619                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3185619                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       123924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       123924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       123924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       123924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       123924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       123924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 167664.157895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167664.157895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 167664.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167664.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 167664.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167664.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2606733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2606733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2606733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2606733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2606733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2606733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 186195.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186195.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 186195.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186195.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 186195.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186195.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  494                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              118290085                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  750                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             157720.113333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   160.701926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    95.298074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.627742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.372258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        85900                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         85900                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        71790                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71790                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          169                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          169                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       157690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         157690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       157690                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        157690                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1692                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1692                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1760                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1760                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1760                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1760                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    211867225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    211867225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      6730353                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6730353                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    218597578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    218597578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    218597578                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    218597578                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        87592                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87592                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        71858                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71858                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          169                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          169                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       159450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       159450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.019317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000946                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000946                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 125217.036052                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125217.036052                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 98975.779412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98975.779412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 124203.169318                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124203.169318                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 124203.169318                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124203.169318                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          191                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             191                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1266                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1266                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     51154823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51154823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     51154823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51154823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     51154823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51154823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103552.273279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103552.273279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103552.273279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103552.273279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103552.273279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103552.273279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              508.168981                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              753891316                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1461029.682171                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    18.168981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.029117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.814373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       120179                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120179                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       120179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         120179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       120179                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        120179                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5025733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5025733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5025733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5025733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5025733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5025733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       120211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       120211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       120211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       120211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       120211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000266                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000266                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000266                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000266                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000266                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000266                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 157054.156250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157054.156250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 157054.156250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157054.156250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 157054.156250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157054.156250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4200286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4200286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4200286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4200286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4200286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4200286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 161549.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161549.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 161549.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161549.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 161549.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161549.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 1136                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              125625818                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 1392                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             90248.432471                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   189.591018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    66.408982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.740590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.259410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        90919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         90919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        73018                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73018                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       163937                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         163937                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       163937                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        163937                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2545                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2545                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          480                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          480                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         3025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3025                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         3025                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    336691763                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    336691763                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     85561895                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     85561895                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    422253658                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    422253658                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    422253658                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    422253658                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        93464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        93464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        73498                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73498                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       166962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       166962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       166962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       166962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.027230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006531                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006531                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.018118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.018118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 132295.388212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132295.388212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 178253.947917                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178253.947917                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 139587.986116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 139587.986116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 139587.986116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 139587.986116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          512                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             512                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          415                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          415                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1889                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1889                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    126941716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    126941716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     10258993                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10258993                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    137200709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    137200709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    137200709                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    137200709                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011459                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011459                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000884                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000884                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006804                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006804                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006804                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006804                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 118526.345472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118526.345472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 157830.661538                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157830.661538                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 120775.272007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120775.272007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 120775.272007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120775.272007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              495.772216                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              750707483                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1513523.151210                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.772216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.022071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       123753                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        123753                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       123753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         123753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       123753                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        123753                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3227520                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3227520                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3227520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3227520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3227520                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3227520                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       123772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       123772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       123772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       123772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       123772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       123772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 169869.473684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169869.473684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 169869.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169869.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 169869.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169869.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2514789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2514789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2514789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2514789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2514789                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2514789                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 179627.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179627.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 179627.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179627.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 179627.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179627.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  493                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              118289929                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  749                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             157930.479306                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   160.859559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    95.140441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.628358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.371642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        85768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         85768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        71766                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71766                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          169                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          169                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       157534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         157534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       157534                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        157534                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1667                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1667                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         1735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1735                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         1735                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    208174319                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    208174319                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      6964273                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6964273                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    215138592                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    215138592                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    215138592                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    215138592                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        87435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        71834                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71834                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          169                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          169                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       159269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       159269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.019066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000947                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000947                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 124879.615477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124879.615477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 102415.779412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102415.779412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 123999.188473                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123999.188473                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 123999.188473                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123999.188473                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          174                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             174                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1242                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1242                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     51672323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51672323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     51672323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51672323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     51672323                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51672323                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104812.014199                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104812.014199                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104812.014199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104812.014199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104812.014199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104812.014199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              539.888853                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              647141584                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1196195.164510                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.888853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.022258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.865206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       124512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       124512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         124512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       124512                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        124512                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2714409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2714409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2714409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2714409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2714409                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2714409                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       124528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       124528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       124528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       124528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       124528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 169650.562500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169650.562500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 169650.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169650.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 169650.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169650.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2407811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2407811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2407811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2407811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2407811                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2407811                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 160520.733333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160520.733333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 160520.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160520.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 160520.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160520.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  515                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              151389416                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  771                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             196354.625162                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   132.122191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   123.877809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.516102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.483898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       177221                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        177221                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        35407                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35407                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       212628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         212628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       212628                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        212628                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1879                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1879                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1879                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1879                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    214440316                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    214440316                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    214440316                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    214440316                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    214440316                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    214440316                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       179100                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       179100                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        35407                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35407                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       214507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       214507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       214507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       214507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.010491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008760                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008760                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008760                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008760                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 114124.702501                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114124.702501                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 114124.702501                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114124.702501                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 114124.702501                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114124.702501                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           65                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total              65                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1364                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1364                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     56186598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56186598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     56186598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56186598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     56186598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56186598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002401                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002401                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002401                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002401                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109100.190291                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109100.190291                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109100.190291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109100.190291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109100.190291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109100.190291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              498.051920                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              750132861                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1488358.851190                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    23.051920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.036942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.798160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       124897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       124897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         124897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       124897                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        124897                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8427402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8427402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8427402                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8427402                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8427402                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8427402                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       124933                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124933                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       124933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       124933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       124933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       124933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000288                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000288                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000288                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000288                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 234094.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 234094.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 234094.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 234094.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 234094.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 234094.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6963064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6963064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6963064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6963064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6963064                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6963064                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 240105.655172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240105.655172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 240105.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240105.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 240105.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240105.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  402                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              113322283                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  658                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             172222.314590                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   143.708760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   112.291240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.561362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.438638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        84739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         84739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        70372                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70372                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          171                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          171                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       155111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         155111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       155111                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        155111                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1248                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1248                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1266                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1266                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    156930352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    156930352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      2488689                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2488689                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    159419041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    159419041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    159419041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    159419041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        85987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        85987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        70390                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70390                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          171                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       156377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       156377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.014514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000256                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 125745.474359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125745.474359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 138260.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 138260.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 125923.413112                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125923.413112                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 125923.413112                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125923.413112                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total              87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          864                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          864                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     43600770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43600770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       457760                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       457760                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     44058530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     44058530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     44058530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     44058530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 109275.112782                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109275.112782                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152586.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 152586.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 109598.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109598.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 109598.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109598.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              495.772267                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              750707609                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1513523.405242                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    13.772267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.022071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       123879                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        123879                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       123879                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         123879                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       123879                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        123879                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2768564                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2768564                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2768564                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2768564                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2768564                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2768564                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       123898                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       123898                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       123898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       123898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       123898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       123898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 145713.894737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 145713.894737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 145713.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 145713.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 145713.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 145713.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2233290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2233290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2233290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2233290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2233290                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2233290                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 159520.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159520.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 159520.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159520.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 159520.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159520.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  493                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              118290039                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  749                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             157930.626168                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   160.708095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    95.291905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.627766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.372234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        85866                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         85866                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        71778                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71778                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          169                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          169                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       157644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         157644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       157644                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        157644                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1758                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         1758                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1758                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         1758                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    211623147                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    211623147                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      6029426                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6029426                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    217652573                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    217652573                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    217652573                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    217652573                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        87556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        71846                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71846                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          169                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          169                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       159402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       159402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.019302                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019302                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000946                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000946                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 125220.797041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125220.797041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 88668.029412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88668.029412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 123806.924346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123806.924346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 123806.924346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123806.924346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          190                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             190                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1265                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1265                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     50962263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50962263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     50962263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     50962263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     50962263                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     50962263                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005631                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005631                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003093                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003093                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003093                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003093                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 103371.730223                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103371.730223                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 103371.730223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103371.730223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 103371.730223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103371.730223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              498.055831                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              750132890                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1488358.908730                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    23.055831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.036948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.798166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       124926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       124926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         124926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       124926                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        124926                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8198002                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8198002                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8198002                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8198002                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8198002                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8198002                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       124962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       124962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       124962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       124962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       124962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000288                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000288                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000288                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000288                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 227722.277778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 227722.277778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 227722.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 227722.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 227722.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 227722.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6670743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6670743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6670743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6670743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6670743                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6670743                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 230025.620690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 230025.620690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 230025.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 230025.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 230025.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 230025.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  403                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              113322649                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             171961.531108                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   143.779668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   112.220332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.561639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.438361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        84881                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         84881                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        70609                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70609                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          172                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          172                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       155490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         155490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       155490                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        155490                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    155839223                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    155839223                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1996059                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1996059                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    157835282                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    157835282                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    157835282                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    157835282                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        86138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        86138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        70627                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70627                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          172                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       156765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       156765                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156765                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.014593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000255                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 123977.106603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123977.106603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 110892.166667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110892.166667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 123792.378039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123792.378039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 123792.378039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123792.378039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          872                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          872                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     43217406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43217406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       376962                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       376962                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     43594368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43594368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     43594368                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43594368                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108043.515000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108043.515000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       125654                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       125654                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108174.610422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108174.610422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108174.610422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108174.610422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              495.771874                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              750707580                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1513523.346774                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.771874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.022070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       123850                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        123850                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       123850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         123850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       123850                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        123850                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3152345                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3152345                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3152345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3152345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3152345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3152345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       123869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       123869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       123869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       123869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       123869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       123869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165912.894737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165912.894737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165912.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165912.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165912.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165912.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2557482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2557482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2557482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2557482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2557482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2557482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 182677.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182677.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 182677.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182677.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 182677.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182677.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  493                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              118290007                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  749                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             157930.583445                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   160.726624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    95.273376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.627838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.372162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        85846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         85846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        71766                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71766                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          169                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          169                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       157612                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         157612                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       157612                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        157612                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1758                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1758                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1758                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1758                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    209237191                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    209237191                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      6618204                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6618204                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    215855395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    215855395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    215855395                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    215855395                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        87536                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87536                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        71834                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71834                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          169                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          169                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       159370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       159370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.019306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000947                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000947                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 123808.988757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123808.988757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 97326.529412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97326.529412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 122784.638794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122784.638794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 122784.638794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122784.638794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          176                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             176                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1265                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1265                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     51230324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51230324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     51230324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51230324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     51230324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51230324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003093                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003093                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003093                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003093                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103915.464503                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103915.464503                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103915.464503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103915.464503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103915.464503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103915.464503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              499.930636                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              750132716                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1479551.708087                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    24.930636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.039953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.801171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       124752                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124752                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       124752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         124752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       124752                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        124752                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8336089                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8336089                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8336089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8336089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8336089                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8336089                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       124791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       124791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       124791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       124791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       124791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 213745.871795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 213745.871795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 213745.871795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 213745.871795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 213745.871795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 213745.871795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6997493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6997493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6997493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6997493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6997493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6997493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000256                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000256                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 218671.656250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 218671.656250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 218671.656250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 218671.656250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 218671.656250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 218671.656250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  404                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              113322463                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  660                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             171700.701515                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   143.643080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   112.356920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.561106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.438894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        84740                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         84740                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        70564                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70564                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          172                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          172                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       155304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         155304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       155304                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        155304                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         1275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    158177489                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    158177489                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      2212095                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2212095                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    160389584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    160389584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    160389584                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    160389584                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        85997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        85997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        70582                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70582                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          172                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       156579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       156579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.014617                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014617                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000255                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 125837.302307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125837.302307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 122894.166667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122894.166667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 125795.752157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125795.752157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 125795.752157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125795.752157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total              88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          871                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          871                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     44239380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44239380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       406703                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       406703                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     44646083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     44646083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     44646083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     44646083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002580                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002580                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002580                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002580                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 110322.643392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110322.643392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 135567.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 135567.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 110510.106436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110510.106436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 110510.106436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110510.106436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              467.065929                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              753574986                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1560196.658385                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    12.065929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.019336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       125645                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125645                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       125645                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         125645                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       125645                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        125645                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5950350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5950350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5950350                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5950350                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5950350                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5950350                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       125682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       125682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       125682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       125682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       125682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000294                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000294                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160820.270270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160820.270270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160820.270270                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160820.270270                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160820.270270                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160820.270270                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4697518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4697518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4697518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4697518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4697518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4697518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 167768.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167768.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 167768.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167768.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 167768.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167768.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  393                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              109420648                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  649                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             168598.841294                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   141.529463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   114.470537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.552849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.447151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        98333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        72223                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72223                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          182                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          182                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       170556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         170556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       170556                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        170556                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         1010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1010                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         1010                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    109023066                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    109023066                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1055152                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1055152                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    110078218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    110078218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    110078218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    110078218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        99331                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99331                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        72235                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72235                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          182                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          182                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       171566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       171566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       171566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       171566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.010047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000166                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000166                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 109241.549098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109241.549098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 87929.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87929.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 108988.334653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108988.334653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 108988.334653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108988.334653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total              93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          617                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          617                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     38708663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38708663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       208298                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208298                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     38916961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38916961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     38916961                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38916961                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002291                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002291                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 99252.982051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99252.982051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 69432.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69432.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 99025.346056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99025.346056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 99025.346056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99025.346056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              537.737091                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              647141557                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  538                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1202865.347584                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    11.737091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.018809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.861758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       124485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       124485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         124485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       124485                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        124485                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2350907                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2350907                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2350907                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2350907                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2350907                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2350907                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       124499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       124499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       124499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       124499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       124499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 167921.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167921.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 167921.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167921.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 167921.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167921.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2009953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2009953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2009953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2009953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2009953                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2009953                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000096                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000096                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 167496.083333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167496.083333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 167496.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167496.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 167496.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167496.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  519                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              151389834                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  775                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             195341.721290                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   134.625320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   121.374680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.525880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.474120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       177635                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        177635                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        35411                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35411                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       213046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         213046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       213046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        213046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1853                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1853                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1853                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         1853                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1853                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         1853                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    214175580                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    214175580                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    214175580                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    214175580                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    214175580                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    214175580                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       179488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       179488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        35411                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35411                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       214899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       214899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       214899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       214899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 115583.151646                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115583.151646                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 115583.151646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115583.151646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 115583.151646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115583.151646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           67                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total              67                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1334                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1334                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          519                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          519                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     56541270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56541270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     56541270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56541270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     56541270                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56541270                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002892                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002892                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002415                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002415                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 108942.716763                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108942.716763                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 108942.716763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108942.716763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 108942.716763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108942.716763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              507.924319                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              753891105                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1463866.223301                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    17.924319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.028725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.813981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       119968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       119968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         119968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       119968                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        119968                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           30                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4912801                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4912801                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4912801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4912801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4912801                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4912801                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       119998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       119998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       119998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       119998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       119998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000250                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000250                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 163760.033333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163760.033333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 163760.033333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163760.033333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 163760.033333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163760.033333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4139168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4139168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4139168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4139168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4139168                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4139168                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165566.720000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165566.720000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165566.720000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165566.720000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165566.720000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165566.720000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 1136                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              125625664                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 1392                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             90248.321839                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   190.213650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    65.786350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.743022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.256978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        90843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         90843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        72943                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72943                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       163786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         163786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       163786                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        163786                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2578                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2578                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          470                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          470                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         3048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3048                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         3048                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    342417409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    342417409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     84091561                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     84091561                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    426508970                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    426508970                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    426508970                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    426508970                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        93421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        93421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        73413                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73413                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       166834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       166834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       166834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       166834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.027596                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027596                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006402                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006402                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.018270                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018270                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.018270                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018270                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 132822.889449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132822.889449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 178918.214894                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178918.214894                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 139930.764436                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 139930.764436                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 139930.764436                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 139930.764436                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          514                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             514                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1912                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1912                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    129049962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    129049962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     10294441                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10294441                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    139344403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    139344403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    139344403                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    139344403                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011464                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011464                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000885                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000885                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006809                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006809                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006809                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006809                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 120494.829132                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120494.829132                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 158376.015385                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158376.015385                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 122662.326585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122662.326585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 122662.326585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122662.326585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
