
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.094110                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 94109557464                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               606718760352                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 323471                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   406166                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1782219                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67602044                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 52804.71                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17080781220                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   21447500411                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      3792512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      3773568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      2224512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      3718912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      3773824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      1684352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      1662464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      1689984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      2254208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      1341056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      2292352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      3821568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      1640704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      1644160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      3287936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      2298112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             40981376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           81152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11517952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          11517952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        29629                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        29481                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        17379                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        29054                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        29483                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        13159                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        12988                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        13203                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        17611                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        10477                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        17909                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        29856                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        12818                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        12845                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        25687                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        17954                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                320167                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           89984                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                89984                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        59845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     40298904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        53045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     40097606                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        54405                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     23637472                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        53045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     39516837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        54405                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     40100327                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        55765                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     17897778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        55765                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     17665198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        58485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     17957623                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        50324                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     23953019                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        50324                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     14249945                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        48964                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     24358334                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        55765                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     40607650                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        53045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     17433978                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        57125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     17470702                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        53045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     34937323                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        48964                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     24419539                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               435464549                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        59845                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        53045                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        54405                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        53045                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        54405                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        55765                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        55765                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        58485                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        50324                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        50324                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        48964                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        55765                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        53045                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        57125                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        53045                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        48964                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             862314                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         122388760                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              122388760                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         122388760                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        59845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     40298904                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        53045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     40097606                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        54405                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     23637472                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        53045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     39516837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        54405                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     40100327                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        55765                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     17897778                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        55765                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     17665198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        58485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     17957623                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        50324                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     23953019                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        50324                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     14249945                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        48964                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     24358334                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        55765                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     40607650                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        53045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     17433978                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        57125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     17470702                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        53045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     34937323                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        48964                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     24419539                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              557853309                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              225682393                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       17534396                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15822312                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       921670                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6852588                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6279419                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         969741                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41022                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    186017497                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            110296359                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          17534396                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      7249160                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            21815424                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       2885362                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      4435983                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        10678528                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       926261                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    214209550                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604041                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931485                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      192394126     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         779094      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1593259      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         668158      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        3631455      1.70%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        3227965      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         630304      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1307704      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        9977485      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    214209550                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077695                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.488724                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      184971396                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      5493474                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        21735807                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        68714                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      1940153                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      1538727                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          495                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    129330490                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2755                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      1940153                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      185159328                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       3953570                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       951793                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        21629760                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       574940                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    129263559                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          150                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       244784                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       208406                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4392                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    151752464                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    608857002                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    608857002                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    134722847                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       17029600                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        15005                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7571                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1451360                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     30513179                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores     15438637                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       140089                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       746385                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        129017317                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15051                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       124116561                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        64264                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9853846                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23507378                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           72                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    214209550                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579417                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376793                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    170111541     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13202334      6.16%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10845122      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4679799      2.18%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5934395      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5751749      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3265693      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       257233      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       161684      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    214209550                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        314046     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2448684     86.41%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        71068      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     77853662     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1083615      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7432      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29767159     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15404693     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    124116561                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.549961                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2833798                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022832                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    465340734                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    138889373                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123060322                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    126950359                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       224043                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1165136                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          492                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3165                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        93301                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11006                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      1940153                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       3626173                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       163303                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129032443                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1341                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30513179                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15438637                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7573                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       111069                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          111                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3165                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       539525                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       541214                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      1080739                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123249842                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29666465                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       866719                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  75                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           45069783                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       16147653                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores         15403318                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.546121                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            123064184                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           123060322                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        66453957                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       130903673                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.545281                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.507655                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    117516368                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11528432                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14979                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       941928                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    212269397                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553619                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377304                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    169668728     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15533807      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7294794      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7210900      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1961447      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8391089      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       626739      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       456538      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1125355      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    212269397                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    117516368                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             44693368                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            29348035                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              7478                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         15518718                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       104500046                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      1138202                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      1125355                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          340188543                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         260029965                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               4081045                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              11472843                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           117516368                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.256824                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.256824                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.443101                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.443101                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      609348405                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     142900648                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     154045053                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        14956                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              225682393                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       17533396                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15822133                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       924065                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6607291                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6282541                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         970698                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41098                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    186054431                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            110275692                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          17533396                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      7253239                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            21815896                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       2886591                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      4445015                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        10682379                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       928751                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    214254738                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.603847                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931144                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      192438842     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         780428      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1594202      0.74%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         669444      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        3628902      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        3230108      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         631496      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        1305841      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        9975475      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    214254738                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077691                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.488632                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      185008667                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      5502303                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        21736025                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        68830                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      1938907                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      1537745                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          491                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    129315461                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2695                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      1938907                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      185196790                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       3956851                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       955920                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        21629801                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       576463                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    129248303                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          116                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       244759                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       208693                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5490                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    151749974                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    608778950                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    608778950                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    134712197                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       17037771                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        15016                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7583                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         1454225                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     30515864                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores     15435904                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       140043                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       746221                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        128999885                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15061                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       124114674                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        64804                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9841915                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23427246                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           82                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    214254738                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579286                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376576                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    170146057     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13216070      6.17%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10846961      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4678014      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5932302      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5751002      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3265245      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       257744      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       161343      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    214254738                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        314202     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2448373     86.40%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        71082      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     77857623     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1081982      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7432      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29765959     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15401678     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    124114674                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.549953                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2833657                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022831                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    465382547                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    138860012                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123054789                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    126948331                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       223271                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1172458                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          494                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3157                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        92883                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11003                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      1938907                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       3628389                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       163775                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129015034                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1331                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30515864                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15435904                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7583                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents       111747                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           92                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3157                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       542048                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       540936                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      1082984                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123244994                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29664160                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       869680                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  88                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           45064310                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       16146302                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores         15400150                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.546099                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            123058646                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           123054789                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        66458245                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       130917382                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.545256                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.507635                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99989810                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    117504789                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11522802                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14979                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       944406                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    212315831                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553443                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377080                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    169715560     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15536604      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7295258      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7208535      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1962131      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8389206      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       626938      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       456910      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1124689      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    212315831                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     99989810                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    117504789                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             44686419                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            29343403                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              7478                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         15517329                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       104489856                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      1138202                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      1124689                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          340218434                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         259994293                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               4082711                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              11427655                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          99989810                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           117504789                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     99989810                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.257054                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.257054                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.443055                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.443055                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      609326155                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     142904787                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     154018214                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        14956                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 46                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              225682393                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       18350459                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15047543                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1800495                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7713303                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7181975                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1883101                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        80692                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    175280891                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            104267818                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          18350459                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      9065076                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            22949395                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5093811                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      5828580                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        10798384                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1786802                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    207324121                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615082                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965589                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      184374726     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        2484837      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        2875862      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        1584690      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1839053      0.89%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        1005143      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         676987      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1775649      0.86%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       10707174      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    207324121                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.081311                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.462011                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      173878222                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      7258735                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        22767103                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles       171684                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3248374                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      2978784                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred        16883                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    127313529                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        84212                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3248374                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      174146166                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       2483043                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      4020228                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        22681866                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       744441                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    127235311                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          188                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       192158                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       348425                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents            2                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    176820714                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    592437816                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    592437816                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    151124959                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       25695745                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        33741                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19017                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         2004125                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     12160560                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      6617473                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       173168                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1466344                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        127047156                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33829                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       120116711                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       165616                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15797053                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36423837                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4148                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    207324121                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579367                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268816                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156705848     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20360272      9.82%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10947292      5.28%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7565545      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6615429      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3394276      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       811233      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       529082      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       395144      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    207324121                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31412     11.98%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       113651     43.35%     55.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       117101     44.67%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100548645     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1877410      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14716      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11104542      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6571398      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    120116711                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.532238                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            262164                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002183                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    447985318                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142879188                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    118130487                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    120378875                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       304560                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2147132                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          714                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1151                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       138600                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7359                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3248374                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       2053602                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       127204                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127081097                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        46964                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12160560                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6617473                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19002                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        90171                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1151                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1044766                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1011194                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2055960                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118348816                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10430487                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1767890                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                 112                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           17000473                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       16565741                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          6569986                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.524404                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            118132360                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           118130487                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        70221054                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       183937812                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.523437                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381765                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88744935                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    108878346                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18203825                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29681                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1810925                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    204075747                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533519                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352539                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159601446     78.21%     78.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20624459     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8641372      4.23%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5189492      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3600180      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2321556      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1206515      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       970739      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1919988      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    204075747                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     88744935                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    108878346                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             16492298                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            10013425                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             14808                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         15582068                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        98158369                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2215078                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      1919988                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          329237332                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         257412789                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               2686206                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              18358272                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          88744935                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           108878346                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     88744935                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.543045                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.543045                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.393229                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.393229                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      533874997                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     163957744                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     118803577                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        29654                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              225682393                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       17557538                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15843543                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       920711                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6553107                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6281989                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         971022                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40939                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    186136902                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            110448970                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          17557538                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      7253011                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            21843285                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       2889822                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      4454394                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        10684657                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       925247                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    214380724                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604405                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932158                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      192537439     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         780445      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1595704      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         669510      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        3633851      1.70%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        3229501      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         627775      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1309063      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        9997436      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    214380724                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077798                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.489400                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      185089890                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      5512842                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        21763570                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        68765                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      1945651                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      1540531                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          492                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    129511713                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2721                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      1945651                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      185278090                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       3975469                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       949121                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        21657213                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       575174                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    129445002                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           98                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       244392                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       208741                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4195                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    151973049                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    609706370                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    609706370                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    134867935                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       17105102                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        15021                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7578                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         1453767                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     30549291                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores     15454436                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       139899                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       747635                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        129196379                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15067                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       124255600                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        64875                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9912921                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23711851                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           72                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    214380724                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579602                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377114                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    170249804     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13199125      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10852414      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4684989      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5944542      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5761456      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3269173      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       257574      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       161647      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    214380724                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        314580     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2451917     86.41%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        71095      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     77942871     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1085339      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7440      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29799156     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15420794     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    124255600                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.550577                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2837592                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022837                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    465794391                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139127510                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123196646                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    127093192                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       223870                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1169803                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          484                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3150                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        92661                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11011                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      1945651                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       3648600                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       164009                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129211531                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1262                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30549291                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15454436                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7581                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       111917                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           86                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3150                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       537291                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       542383                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      1079674                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123386925                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29697828                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       868675                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  85                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           45117334                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       16164702                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores         15419506                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.546728                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            123200497                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           123196646                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        66531768                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       131067883                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.545885                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.507613                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100107491                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    117642689                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11581549                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14995                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       940897                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    212435073                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553782                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377527                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    169790976     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15549286      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7300331      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7220854      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1961215      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8400528      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       627641      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       457103      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1127139      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    212435073                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    100107491                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    117642689                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             44741256                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            29379481                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              7486                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         15535383                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       104612399                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      1139428                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      1127139                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          340531873                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         260394339                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               4082536                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              11301669                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         100107491                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           117642689                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    100107491                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.254401                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.254401                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.443577                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.443577                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      610013843                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     143059304                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     154243168                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        14972                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              225682393                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       17557694                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15842938                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       920819                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6649695                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6277859                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         970987                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40723                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    186100596                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            110450176                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          17557694                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      7248846                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            21841542                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       2891827                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      4456485                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        10683057                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       925036                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    214346690                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604497                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932367                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      192505148     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         780864      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1595837      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         668755      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        3631558      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        3229442      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         625603      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1309811      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        9999672      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    214346690                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077798                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.489405                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      185048632                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      5519904                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        21761967                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        68599                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      1947582                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      1540985                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          485                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    129510311                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2699                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      1947582                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      185237879                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       3979577                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       951170                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        21654575                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       575901                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    129441418                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           81                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       245021                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       209583                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3013                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    151972299                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    609685553                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    609685553                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    134855983                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       17116304                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        15485                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8043                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         1458314                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     30542153                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores     15451999                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       140070                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       748197                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        129192589                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15532                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       124241573                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        64602                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9924717                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23760068                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          536                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    214346690                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579629                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377174                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    170222350     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13196382      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10850712      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4683853      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5945756      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5758604      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3268988      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       258124      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       161921      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    214346690                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        315044     11.11%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2450810     86.39%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        71066      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     77939001     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1085412      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7440      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29791826     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15417894     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    124241573                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.550515                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2836920                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022834                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    465731358                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139135996                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123182912                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    127078493                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       223708                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1167864                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          485                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3163                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        92823                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11012                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      1947582                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       3653236                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       163741                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129208202                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1206                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30542153                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15451999                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8045                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       111642                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           90                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3163                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       535477                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       544148                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      1079625                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123373718                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29691188                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       867855                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  81                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           45107796                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       16162641                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores         15416608                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.546670                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            123186862                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           123182912                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        66525406                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       131062642                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.545824                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.507585                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100096056                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    117629694                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11590823                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14996                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       940977                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    212399108                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553814                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377582                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    169760277     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15548063      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7297645      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7220985      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1961222      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8398689      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       627992      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       456779      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1127456      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    212399108                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    100096056                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    117629694                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             44733458                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            29374282                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              7486                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         15533824                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       104600963                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      1139428                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      1127456                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          340491870                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         260388817                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               4082026                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              11335703                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         100096056                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           117629694                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    100096056                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.254658                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.254658                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.443526                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.443526                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      609937277                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     143049366                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     154234491                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        14974                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              225682393                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       18602456                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15221552                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1816674                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7607237                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7315530                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1919601                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        82350                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    179087056                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            104047971                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          18602456                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      9235131                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            21710558                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       4963814                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      4258772                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        10957888                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1818631                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    208179898                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613818                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956435                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      186469340     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1006774      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1602270      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        2178576      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        2241201      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1893102      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        1060097      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1581717      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       10146821      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    208179898                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.082428                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.461037                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      177270071                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      6091115                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        21671692                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        23864                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3123153                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3061880                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          362                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    127688213                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1919                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3123153                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      177751632                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       1250241                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      3729731                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        21220326                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles      1104812                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    127649600                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          149                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       149770                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       482178                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    178102179                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    593862603                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    593862603                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    154360351                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       23741828                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        31436                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        16260                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         3293105                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     11949614                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      6475617                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        75737                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1553745                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        127507573                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        31550                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       121065335                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16574                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14158637                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     33900395                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          945                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    208179898                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581542                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272427                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156954618     75.39%     75.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21060672     10.12%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10662788      5.12%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8055064      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6331073      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2564527      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1602471      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       837338      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       111347      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    208179898                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         23453     11.50%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77184     37.85%     49.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       103294     50.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101823981     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1809624      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15172      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10961392      9.05%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6455166      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    121065335                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.536441                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            203931                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001684                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    450531073                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141698250                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    119252037                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    121269266                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       245547                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1922029                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          111                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          494                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        96471                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3123153                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       1000839                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       107744                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127539256                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7068                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11949614                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6475617                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        16264                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        90922                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           13                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          494                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1054383                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1025821                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2080204                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    119395982                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10314679                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1669353                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 133                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           16769594                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       16963682                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          6454915                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.529044                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            119252255                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           119252037                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        68464049                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       184524860                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.528406                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.371029                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89981822                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    110721201                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     16818095                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30605                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1839608                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    205056745                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539954                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388728                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159632572     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22523535     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8499424      4.14%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4047914      1.97%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3424332      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1955583      0.95%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1715217      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       776813      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2481355      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    205056745                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     89981822                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    110721201                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             16406731                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            10027585                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             15268                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         15966034                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        99758555                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2279973                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2481355                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          330114062                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         258201800                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               2713666                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              17502495                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          89981822                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           110721201                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     89981822                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.508089                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.508089                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.398710                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.398710                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      537335577                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     166113750                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     118356235                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        30578                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              225682393                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       18617819                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15235560                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1816133                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7622427                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7316259                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1919445                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        82531                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    179101452                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            104129539                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          18617819                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      9235704                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            21725812                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       4968550                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      4267426                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        10959007                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1818293                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    208223470                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614177                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957023                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      186497658     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1008406      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1602295      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        2176809      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        2243021      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1898009      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        1059382      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1578833      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       10159057      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    208223470                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.082496                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.461399                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      177281111                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      6103206                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        21686270                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        24459                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3128421                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3063033                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          362                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    127789360                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1920                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3128421                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      177765457                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       1254737                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      3734253                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        21232695                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles      1107904                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    127748156                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          146                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       150331                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       483722                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    178240442                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    594315219                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    594315219                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    154406678                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       23833726                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        31482                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        16301                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         3299800                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     11962211                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      6476806                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        75838                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1663378                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        127598049                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        31597                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       121109592                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16457                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14218129                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     34111003                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          984                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    208223470                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581633                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271834                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156894550     75.35%     75.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21170086     10.17%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10697221      5.14%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8027551      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6319062      3.03%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2565565      1.23%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1598937      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       839268      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       111230      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    208223470                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         23338     11.45%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77272     37.92%     49.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       103178     50.63%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101861472     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1810832      1.50%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15177      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10965365      9.05%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6456746      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    121109592                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.536637                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            203788                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001683                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    450662896                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141848269                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    119298116                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    121313380                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       248129                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1931606                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          135                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          498                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        95722                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3128421                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       1004205                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       107697                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127629781                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        20223                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11962211                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6476806                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        16304                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        90785                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           14                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          498                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1052511                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1027726                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2080237                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    119442818                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10318750                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1666771                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 135                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           16775246                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       16969323                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          6456496                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.529252                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            119298323                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           119298116                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        68492670                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       184602627                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.528611                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.371028                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     90008863                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    110754535                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     16875265                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30613                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1839074                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    205095049                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540016                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387402                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159586107     77.81%     77.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22599016     11.02%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8494823      4.14%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4052452      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3467614      1.69%     96.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1955756      0.95%     97.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1688886      0.82%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       777195      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2473200      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    205095049                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     90008863                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    110754535                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             16411685                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            10030601                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             15272                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         15970852                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        99788604                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2280675                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2473200                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          330251025                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         258388092                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               2712999                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              17458923                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          90008863                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           110754535                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     90008863                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.507335                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.507335                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.398830                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.398830                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      537544925                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     166180706                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     118442015                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        30586                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              225682393                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       18605597                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15222753                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1813724                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7661140                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7321231                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1923104                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        82733                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    179109081                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            104063343                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          18605597                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      9244335                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            21713682                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       4951286                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      4256890                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        10955552                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1815733                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    208193580                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613788                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956249                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      186479898     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1006407      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1604259      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        2177788      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        2238815      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1896522      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        1069303      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1579888      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       10140700      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    208193580                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.082442                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.461105                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      177287537                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      6093806                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        21675227                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        23441                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3113566                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3063448                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          364                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    127690964                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1916                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3113566                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      177770281                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       1250327                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      3729728                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        21222264                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles      1107411                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    127650943                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          154                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       149730                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       483693                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    178111905                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    593861585                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    593861585                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    154464649                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       23647256                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        31600                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        16414                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         3297346                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     11940741                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      6476902                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        76065                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1551914                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        127510091                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        31709                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       121095749                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16678                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14084547                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     33735176                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1085                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    208193580                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581650                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272548                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156949487     75.39%     75.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21079104     10.12%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10661936      5.12%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8051629      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6333375      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2566159      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1601107      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       839315      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       111468      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    208193580                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         23432     11.68%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        73726     36.76%     48.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       103393     51.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101843467     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1810461      1.50%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15182      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10969768      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6456871      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    121095749                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.536576                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            200551                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001656                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    450602307                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141626835                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    119294787                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    121296300                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       248926                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1906401                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          134                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          492                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        93455                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3113566                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        999451                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       107956                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127541925                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6796                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11940741                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6476902                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        16417                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        91300                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          492                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1054890                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1020895                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2075785                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    119438828                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10322319                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1656921                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 125                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           16778940                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       16969541                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          6456621                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.529234                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            119295004                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           119294787                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        68475618                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       184516293                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.528596                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.371109                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     90042597                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    110795982                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     16745968                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30624                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1836668                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    205080014                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540257                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.389013                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159625765     77.84%     77.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22534318     10.99%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8504828      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4058956      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3422926      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1960594      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1712555      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       775440      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2484632      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    205080014                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     90042597                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    110795982                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             16417787                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            10034340                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             15278                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         15976822                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        99825919                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2281511                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2484632                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          330136708                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         258197518                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               2710356                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              17488813                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          90042597                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           110795982                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     90042597                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.506396                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.506396                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.398979                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.398979                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      537568566                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     166170501                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     118379281                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        30596                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 46                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              225682393                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       18350206                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15045970                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1796769                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7755551                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7186618                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1886088                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        81042                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    175266353                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            104252212                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          18350206                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      9072706                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            22942734                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5077661                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      5761749                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        10793336                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1782807                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    207223775                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615209                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965689                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      184281041     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        2484421      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        2870268      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        1584957      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1839974      0.89%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1006445      0.49%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         681345      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1776689      0.86%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       10698635      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    207223775                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.081310                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.461942                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      173866148                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      7188851                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        22762429                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles       170268                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3236076                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      2980159                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred        16864                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    127280086                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts        83672                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3236076                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      174132129                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       2540995                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      3893252                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        22677976                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       743344                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    127201903                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          183                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       196612                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       344839                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    176778524                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    592274690                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    592274690                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    151209108                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       25569416                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        33605                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18841                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         1990032                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     12149421                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      6619537                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       173605                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1462840                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        127020797                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33679                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       120138519                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       167685                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15707380                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36205219                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3983                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    207223775                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579753                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269147                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156590102     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20375236      9.83%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10947443      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7563934      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6614537      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3397232      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       810505      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       529031      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       395755      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    207223775                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31749     12.24%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       111079     42.83%     55.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116501     44.92%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100559310     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1877617      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14724      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11113710      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6573158      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    120138519                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.532334                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            259329                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002159                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    447927827                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142762998                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    118156157                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    120397848                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       304367                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2130451                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          758                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1143                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       137096                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7363                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3236076                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       2104117                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       130024                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127054579                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        44769                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12149421                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6619537                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18846                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        91462                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1143                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1044260                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1005068                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2049328                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118376728                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10436613                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1761791                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 103                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           17008200                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       16569297                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          6571587                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.524528                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            118158170                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           118156157                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        70229343                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       183914203                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.523551                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381859                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88794235                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    108938856                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18116962                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29696                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1807116                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    203987699                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534046                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.353105                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159489433     78.19%     78.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20632652     10.11%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8646594      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5198279      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3598225      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2326625      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1202445      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       970084      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1923362      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    203987699                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     88794235                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    108938856                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             16501411                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            10018970                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             14816                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         15590723                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        98212924                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2216309                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      1923362                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          329119557                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         257347782                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               2681809                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              18458618                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          88794235                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           108938856                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     88794235                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.541633                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.541633                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.393448                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.393448                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      534016286                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     163990049                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     118792286                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        29668                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 50                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              225682393                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       20439018                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17014353                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1854635                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7795407                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7470946                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2200032                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        86423                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177833068                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            112143884                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          20439018                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      9670978                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            23369467                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5157345                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      6082127                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        11040057                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1772683                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    210570512                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654413                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029518                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      187201045     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1434133      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1799608      0.85%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        2878887      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1207249      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1548337      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        1809871      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         830953      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       11860429      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    210570512                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.090565                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.496910                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      176786252                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      7229745                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        23258099                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        11081                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3285327                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3114040                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          523                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    137057221                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2537                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3285327                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      176965431                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        573237                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      6156569                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        23090092                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       499849                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    136211166                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          143                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        72153                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       348845                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    190252021                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    633412963                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    633412963                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    159298139                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       30953882                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        33182                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17383                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1755892                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     12734984                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      6675466                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        75083                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1512015                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        132998503                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33300                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       127648760                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       129879                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16048447                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     32591175                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1431                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    210570512                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606204                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327136                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156484598     74.31%     74.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24665916     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10090992      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5649459      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7653516      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2361060      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2320269      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1246111      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        98591      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    210570512                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        880466     79.13%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       118502     10.65%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       113783     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107531608     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1745045      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15798      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11701201      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6655108      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    127648760                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.565612                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1112751                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008717                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    467110662                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149080865                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    124328609                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    128761511                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        95053                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2381517                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           46                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          616                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        96214                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           57                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3285327                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        436424                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        55097                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    133031809                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       104034                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12734984                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6675466                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17383                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        48035                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           53                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          616                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1098511                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1041573                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2140084                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    125429799                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11509646                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2218961                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           18164041                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       17739772                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          6654395                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.555780                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            124329079                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           124328609                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        74477418                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       200047364                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.550901                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372299                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92676328                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    114198550                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18833734                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31869                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1870487                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    207285185                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550925                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371353                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    158953792     76.68%     76.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24490741     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8894023      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4434829      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4049903      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1704086      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1682697      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       801860      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2273254      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    207285185                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     92676328                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    114198550                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             16932719                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            10353467                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             15898                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         16552495                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       102816176                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2358207                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2273254                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          338043565                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         269349910                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               2690896                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              15111881                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          92676328                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           114198550                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     92676328                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.435168                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.435168                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.410649                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.410649                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      564385801                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     173725988                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     126786746                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        31842                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              225682393                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       17122130                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15285333                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1363882                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11454516                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11182773                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1028478                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41328                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    180975014                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             97222508                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          17122130                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     12211251                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            21676340                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       4470613                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      2747511                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        10946937                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1338793                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    208497932                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522441                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764273                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      186821592     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        3306743      1.59%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1662490      0.80%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        3267446      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1050095      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        3030536      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         478042      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         775306      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        8105682      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    208497932                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.075868                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.430794                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      178705847                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      5058019                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        21633691                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        17334                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3083037                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      1620000                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred        16031                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    108756426                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts        30392                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3083037                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      178958812                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       3073865                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      1211708                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        21401262                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       769244                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    108599482                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          210                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        84494                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       619943                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    142315784                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    492160388                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    492160388                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    115468063                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       26847701                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        14595                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7393                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1650714                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     19587845                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      3179909                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20634                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       721711                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        108036682                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14645                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       101189768                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        64414                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19450011                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39797904                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          123                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    208497932                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485327                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.097675                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    164089635     78.70%     78.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14042383      6.74%     85.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14818807      7.11%     92.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8620331      4.13%     96.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4439738      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1113919      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1316965      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        30791      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        25363      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    208497932                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        168929     57.15%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        69432     23.49%     80.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        57216     19.36%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     79349964     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       793019      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7202      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     17886662     17.68%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3152921      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    101189768                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.448372                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            295577                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002921                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    411237459                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    127501591                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     98628809                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    101485345                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        80079                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3982550                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           97                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          261                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        72873                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3083037                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       2063610                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        94952                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    108051400                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5752                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     19587845                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3179909                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7391                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        36468                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2143                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          261                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       922660                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       522433                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      1445093                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     99908429                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     17629101                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1281339                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  73                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           20781855                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       15190474                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          3152754                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.442695                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             98651305                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            98628809                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        59679735                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       129957830                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.437025                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.459224                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     78574430                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     88461065                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19594876                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14522                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1355315                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    205414895                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430646                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301408                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172479711     83.97%     83.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     12937199      6.30%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8315110      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2618450      1.27%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4342677      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       847021      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       537204      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       490925      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2846598      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    205414895                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     78574430                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     88461065                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             18712326                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            15605290                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              7246                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         13573076                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        77307171                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      1106191                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2846598                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          310623952                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         219197393                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               4023664                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              17184461                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          78574430                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            88461065                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     78574430                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.872212                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.872212                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.348164                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.348164                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      464407298                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     128504757                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     115513694                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        14508                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              225682393                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       17548601                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15834747                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       918635                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6593831                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6276455                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         970125                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40730                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    186033520                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            110386730                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          17548601                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      7246580                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            21829454                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       2883434                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      4464878                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        10676926                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       923272                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    214269709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604355                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932099                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      192440255     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         779085      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1595282      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         668658      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        3631638      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        3228384      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         626040      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1308259      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        9992108      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    214269709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077758                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.489124                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      184983801                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      5525960                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        21749720                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        68856                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      1941366                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      1540514                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          492                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    129434304                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2738                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      1941366                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      185172567                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       3986241                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       951325                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        21643262                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       574942                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    129367235                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           95                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       244771                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       209104                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3238                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    151878266                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    609332786                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    609332786                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    134821298                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       17056945                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        15019                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7580                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1453593                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     30530078                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores     15446915                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       139920                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       748365                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        129118375                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15065                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       124188208                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        64410                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9885209                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23658113                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           74                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    214269709                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579588                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377090                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    170162427     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13190748      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10848387      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4683818      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5939972      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5757114      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3268415      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       257340      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       161488      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    214269709                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        314667     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2450392     86.40%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        71049      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     77897210     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1085180      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7438      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29784648     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15413732     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    124188208                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.550279                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2836108                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022837                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    465546643                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139021802                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123132175                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    127024316                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       224241                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1163004                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          473                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3159                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        91529                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11010                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      1941366                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       3658718                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       164031                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129133521                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1388                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30530078                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15446915                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7581                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents       111948                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           75                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3159                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       534809                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       542396                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      1077205                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123322943                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29684424                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       865265                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  81                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           45096949                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       16158490                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores         15412525                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.546445                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            123136149                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           123132175                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        66491357                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       130973535                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.545599                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.507670                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100070661                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    117599790                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11546429                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14991                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       938788                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    212328343                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553858                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377618                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    169700751     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15543032      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7297034      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7217264      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1962060      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8396965      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       627535      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       456993      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1126709      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    212328343                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    100070661                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    117599790                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             44722453                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            29367067                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              7484                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         15529865                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       104574346                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      1139122                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      1126709                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          340347554                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         260234005                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               4078644                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              11412684                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         100070661                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           117599790                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    100070661                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.255230                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.255230                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.443414                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.443414                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      609694656                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     142982855                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     154160556                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        14968                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              225682393                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       18618230                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15234196                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1816928                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7616812                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7317841                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1920051                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        82475                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    179141622                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            104129269                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          18618230                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      9237892                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            21722785                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       4968623                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      4261274                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        10961409                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1819084                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    208253739                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614077                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956871                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      186530954     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1006420      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1600024      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        2177006      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        2241946      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1897311      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        1063468      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1581694      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       10154916      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    208253739                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.082497                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.461397                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      177321007                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      6097279                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        21683469                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        24281                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3127700                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3064845                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          361                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    127787927                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1893                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3127700                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      177804261                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       1251415                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      3730828                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        21230674                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles      1108858                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    127747067                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          157                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       150216                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       484111                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    178231842                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    594304604                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    594304604                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    154426919                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       23804923                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        31499                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        16317                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         3300754                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     11960135                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      6477758                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        76116                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1554144                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        127602575                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        31611                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       121127977                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16477                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14199510                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     34048257                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          995                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    208253739                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581637                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272517                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    157004736     75.39%     75.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21068312     10.12%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10666304      5.12%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8059110      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6338444      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2566684      1.23%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1600053      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       838555      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       111541      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    208253739                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         23202     11.38%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77097     37.83%     49.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       103526     50.79%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101877876     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1810608      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15178      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10966365      9.05%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6457950      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    121127977                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.536719                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            203825                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001683                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    450729995                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141834190                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    119316259                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    121331802                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       248233                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1928231                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          124                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          498                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        95867                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3127700                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       1000440                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       107556                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127634321                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7180                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11960135                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6477758                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        16321                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        90827                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          498                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1053572                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1027322                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2080894                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    119460571                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10318623                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1667406                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 135                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           16776317                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       16972387                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          6457694                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.529330                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            119316477                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           119316259                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        68497275                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       184619963                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.528691                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.371018                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     90020627                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    110768989                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     16865359                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30616                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1839872                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    205126039                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540005                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388787                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159684006     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22530178     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8503057      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4051639      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3425925      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1954931      0.95%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1717439      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       776121      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2482743      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    205126039                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     90020627                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    110768989                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             16413795                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            10031904                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             15274                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         15972940                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        99801619                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2280969                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2482743                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          330277020                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         258396450                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               2713985                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              17428654                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          90020627                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           110768989                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     90020627                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.507008                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.507008                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.398882                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.398882                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      537622439                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     166200746                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     118442888                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        30588                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              225682393                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       18611582                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15229292                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1816948                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7617172                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7316764                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1919311                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        82417                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    179152046                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            104100855                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          18611582                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      9236075                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            21719440                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       4965942                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      4242128                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        10961196                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1819023                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    208238975                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613972                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956704                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      186519535     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1006061      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1602054      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        2178939      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        2240161      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1896275      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        1060256      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1583144      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       10152550      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    208238975                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.082468                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.461271                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      177333288                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      6076301                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        21680005                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        24377                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3125001                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3063144                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          363                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    127756605                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1924                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3125001                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      177816190                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       1246569                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      3715126                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        21227546                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles      1108540                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    127716118                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          152                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       150385                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       483888                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    178198725                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    594167993                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    594167993                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    154423431                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       23775274                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        31402                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        16221                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         3301418                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     11958879                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      6476386                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        76163                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1601135                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        127570893                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        31507                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       121103503                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16455                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14175710                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     34013096                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          891                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    208238975                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581560                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272089                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156958027     75.37%     75.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21113033     10.14%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10679050      5.13%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8048236      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6325510      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2565780      1.23%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1599918      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       838154      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       111267      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    208238975                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         23234     11.41%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77221     37.93%     49.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       103142     50.66%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101856136     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1810532      1.50%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15178      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10965245      9.05%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6456412      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    121103503                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.536610                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            203597                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001681                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    450666030                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141778601                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    119295391                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    121307100                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       245383                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1927202                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          131                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          494                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94628                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3125001                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        996465                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       107571                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127602528                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6887                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11958879                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6476386                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        16223                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        90777                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           13                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          494                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1053653                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1026505                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2080158                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    119439297                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10318639                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1664203                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 128                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           16774800                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       16969328                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          6456161                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.529236                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            119295610                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           119295391                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        68487933                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       184581480                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.528599                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371044                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     90018605                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    110766470                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     16836073                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30616                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1839889                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    205113974                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540024                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388221                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159640838     77.83%     77.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22562933     11.00%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8499428      4.14%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4050369      1.97%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3443483      1.68%     96.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1956399      0.95%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1704201      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       778143      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2478180      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    205113974                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     90018605                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    110766470                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             16413431                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            10031673                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             15274                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         15972566                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        99799333                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2280906                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2478180                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          330237713                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         258330156                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               2713651                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              17443418                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          90018605                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           110766470                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     90018605                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.507064                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.507064                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.398873                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.398873                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      537532672                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     166174718                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     118413423                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        30588                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 45                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              225682393                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       18300425                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14967859                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1786050                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7593495                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7218394                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1881407                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        79435                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177585404                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            103849113                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          18300425                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      9099801                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            21765918                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5192629                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      3089928                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        10919701                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1799909                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    205808710                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616601                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968211                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      184042792     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1182831      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1862997      0.91%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        2970437      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1227766      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1375061      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        1462157      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         955018      0.46%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       10729651      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    205808710                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.081089                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.460156                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      175948153                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      4740167                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        21697729                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        55639                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3367019                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      2999282                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          443                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    126823692                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         2841                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3367019                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      176220389                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       1519611                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      2434230                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        21486248                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       781210                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    126750884                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents        23542                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       216874                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       294678                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents        40055                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    175972793                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    589641046                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    589641046                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    150217128                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       25755635                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        32195                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17669                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         2344356                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     12082165                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      6488448                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       195775                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1479564                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        126571597                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32279                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       119787558                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       147200                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16079071                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35754445                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2988                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    205808710                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582033                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273949                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    155312281     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20260242      9.84%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11083032      5.39%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7553250      3.67%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7072983      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2031269      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1587078      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       537843      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       370732      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    205808710                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27950     12.48%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        87187     38.92%     51.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       108854     48.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100353100     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1893956      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14524      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11068717      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6457261      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    119787558                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.530779                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223991                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001870                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    445755012                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142684244                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    117860068                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    120011549                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       362091                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2167900                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          289                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1322                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       186015                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7490                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3367019                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       1020849                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       106780                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126603995                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        48145                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12082165                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6488448                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17648                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        78333                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           29                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1322                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1042908                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1019972                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2062880                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118080866                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10410528                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1706687                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 119                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           16866209                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       16612146                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          6455681                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.523217                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            117860967                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           117860068                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        68913578                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       180078420                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.522239                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382686                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88238241                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    108156660                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18447531                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29291                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1823839                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    202441690                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534261                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387907                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    158533953     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21264111     10.50%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8279551      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4458643      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3341141      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1862980      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1152039      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1028356      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2520916      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    202441690                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     88238241                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    108156660                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             16216695                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             9914262                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             14614                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         15525571                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        97456936                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2197086                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2520916                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          326524380                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         256575623                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               2865362                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              19873683                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          88238241                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           108156660                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     88238241                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.557648                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.557648                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.390984                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.390984                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      532491084                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     163374662                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     118277039                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        29264                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 46                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              225682393                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       18338616                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15040250                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1797851                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7755197                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7185172                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1883495                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        81092                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    175224299                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            104179564                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          18338616                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      9068667                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            22930778                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5078726                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      5784165                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        10790563                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1783885                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    207192174                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614834                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965033                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      184261396     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        2481317      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        2875845      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        1584748      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1839832      0.89%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1005477      0.49%     93.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         680537      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1772572      0.86%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       10690450      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    207192174                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.081259                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.461620                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      173823251                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      7211806                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        22750810                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles       170206                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3236098                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      2974650                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred        16835                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    127184428                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts        83422                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3236098                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      174089411                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       2554150                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      3902835                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        22666050                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       743627                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    127106601                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          205                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       196730                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       345200                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    176655081                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    591835555                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    591835555                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    151110836                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       25544223                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        33551                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18804                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         1988361                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     12136256                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      6612646                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       173862                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1461882                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        126925009                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33636                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       120045182                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       163773                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15692540                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36153524                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3956                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    207192174                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579391                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268741                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156587139     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20373946      9.83%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10937923      5.28%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7556006      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6612469      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3390432      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       809787      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       529162      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       395310      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    207192174                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32015     12.36%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            1      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       110146     42.52%     54.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116881     45.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100488703     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1876379      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14715      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11099360      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6566025      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    120045182                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.531921                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            259043                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002158                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    447705353                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142652330                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    118069171                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    120304225                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       303820                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2123741                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          766                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1148                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       134338                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7357                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3236098                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       2120499                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       130876                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126958762                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        47670                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12136256                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6612646                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18812                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        91798                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1148                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1046417                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1004660                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2051077                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118284981                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10425961                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1760200                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 117                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           16990506                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       16556272                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          6564545                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.524121                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            118071098                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           118069171                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        70183936                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       183790509                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.523165                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.381869                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88736747                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    108868220                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18091737                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29680                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1808232                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    203956076                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533783                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352730                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159484661     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20620362     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8640377      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5194752      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3599343      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2323916      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1202665      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       970094      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1919906      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    203956076                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     88736747                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    108868220                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             16490820                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            10012512                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             14808                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         15580559                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        98149300                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2214873                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      1919906                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          328995529                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         257156096                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               2681395                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              18490219                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          88736747                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           108868220                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     88736747                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.543280                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.543280                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.393193                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.393193                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      533617840                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     163876685                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     118708191                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        29652                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         320286                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.670049                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          2317557                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         353051                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           6.564369                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           203.385663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     2.967669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  2413.678286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     3.008577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  2466.050125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.993605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1537.074757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     2.714059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  2439.233599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.847184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  2489.155594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     3.696858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1148.199712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     3.896092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1151.499111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     3.079487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1152.344764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.947561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1595.371117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.696037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   941.872712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.601521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1530.523978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.882665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  2463.634429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     3.407821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1149.274779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     3.724974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1151.077246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.501861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  2120.383791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.321407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1559.403980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           383.983852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           344.512591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           378.638108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           379.834464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           338.148535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           276.248737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           284.003645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           276.302895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           337.276871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           238.285947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           310.718498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           335.559741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           292.196784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           288.671286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           407.951403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           329.885673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.006207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.073660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.075258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.046908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.074440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.075963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.035040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.035141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.035167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.048687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.028744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.046708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.075184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.035073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.035128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.064709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.047589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.011718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.010514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.011555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.011592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.010319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.008430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.008667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.008432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.010293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.007272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.009482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.010240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.008917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.008810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.012450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.010067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        42577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        42710                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        31611                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        43169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        42767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        23220                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        23409                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        23203                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        31678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        22034                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        31368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        42428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        23578                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        23559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        38414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        31210                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  516957                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           176799                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                176799                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           55                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          138                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          137                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          133                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          136                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          137                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          189                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           61                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           64                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          131                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          119                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          137                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1773                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        42632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        42776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        31749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        43236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        42836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        23357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        23542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        23339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        31815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        22223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        31429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        42492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        23712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        23690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        38533                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        31347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   518730                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        42632                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        42776                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        31749                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        43236                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        42836                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        23357                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        23542                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        23339                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        31815                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        22223                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        31429                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        42492                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        23712                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        23690                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        38533                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        31347                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  518730                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        29615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29478                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        29052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        29483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        12988                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        13203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17604                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        10477                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17905                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        29851                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        12818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        25687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17943                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                320111                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  56                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        29629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        29054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        29483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        12988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        13203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        10477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17909                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        29856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        12818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        25687                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 320167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        29629                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29481                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17379                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        29054                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        29483                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13159                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        12988                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        13203                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17611                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        10477                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17909                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        29856                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        12818                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12845                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        25687                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17954                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                320167                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6827647                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4745690082                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6169364                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4723749128                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5855843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2806817261                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5818431                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4663544345                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6293867                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4731363648                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6498269                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2114405064                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6563785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2084065500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6970328                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2117527540                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5595351                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2848601399                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5483455                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1689296486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5347060                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2864250787                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6239817                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4792820890                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6112383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2055744879                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6829237                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2057574953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6043823                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4146802886                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5569324                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2897391170                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     51437864002                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      2372740                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       498375                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1509996                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       378340                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1082431                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       571838                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       762671                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1759714                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       8936105                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6827647                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4748062822                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6169364                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4724247503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5855843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2808327257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5818431                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4663922685                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6293867                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4731363648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6498269                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2114405064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6563785                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2084065500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6970328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2117527540                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5595351                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2849683830                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5483455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1689296486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5347060                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2864822625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6239817                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4793583561                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6112383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2055744879                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6829237                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2057574953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6043823                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4146802886                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5569324                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2899150884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      51446800107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6827647                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4748062822                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6169364                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4724247503                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5855843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2808327257                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5818431                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4663922685                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6293867                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4731363648                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6498269                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2114405064                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6563785                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2084065500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6970328                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2117527540                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5595351                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2849683830                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5483455                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1689296486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5347060                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2864822625                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6239817                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4793583561                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6112383                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2055744879                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6829237                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2057574953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6043823                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4146802886                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5569324                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2899150884                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     51446800107                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        72188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        48980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        72221                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        72250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        36379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        36397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        36406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        49282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        32511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        49273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        72279                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        36396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        36404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        64101                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        49153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              837068                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       176799                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            176799                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          137                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          133                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          136                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          144                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          189                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          131                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          119                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1829                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        72257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        49128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        72290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        72319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        36516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        36530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        36542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        49426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        32700                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        49338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        72348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        36530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        36535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        64220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        49301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               838897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        72257                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        49128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        72290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        72319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        36516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        36530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        36542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        49426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        32700                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        49338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        72348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        36530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        36535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        64220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        49301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              838897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.977778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.410226                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.408350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.354614                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.402265                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.408069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.361720                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.356843                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.362660                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.357210                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.322260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.363384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.412997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.352182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.352846                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.400727                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.365044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.382419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.202899                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.043478                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.067568                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.028986                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.048611                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.061538                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.072464                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.074324                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.030618                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.977778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.410028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.408002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.353749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.401909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.407680                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.360363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.355543                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.361310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.356310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.320398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.362986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.412672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.350890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.351581                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.399984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.364171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.381652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.977778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.410028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.408002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.353749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.401909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.407680                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.360363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.355543                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.361310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.356310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.320398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.362986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.412672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.350890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.351581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.399984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.364171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.381652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155173.795455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 160246.161810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 158188.820513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 160246.595020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 146396.075000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 161599.243537                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 149190.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 160524.037760                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 157346.675000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 160477.687074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 158494.365854                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 160681.287636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160092.317073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 160460.848476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 162100.651163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 160382.302507                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 151225.702703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 161815.575949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 148201.486486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 161238.568865                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 148529.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 159969.326278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152190.658537                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 160558.135071                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156727.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 160379.534951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 162600.880952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 160184.893188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154969.820513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 161435.858060                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154703.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 161477.521596                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160687.586500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 169481.428571                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       166125                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150999.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       189170                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       154633                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 142959.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152534.200000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       159974                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159573.303571                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155173.795455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 160250.525566                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 158188.820513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 160247.193209                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 146396.075000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 161593.144427                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 149190.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 160526.009672                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 157346.675000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 160477.687074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 158494.365854                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 160681.287636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160092.317073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 160460.848476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 162100.651163                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 160382.302507                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 151225.702703                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 161812.721027                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 148201.486486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 161238.568865                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 148529.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 159965.527109                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152190.658537                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 160556.791298                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156727.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 160379.534951                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 162600.880952                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 160184.893188                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154969.820513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 161435.858060                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154703.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 161476.600423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160687.391602                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155173.795455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 160250.525566                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 158188.820513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 160247.193209                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 146396.075000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 161593.144427                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 149190.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 160526.009672                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 157346.675000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 160477.687074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 158494.365854                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 160681.287636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160092.317073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 160460.848476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 162100.651163                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 160382.302507                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 151225.702703                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 161812.721027                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 148201.486486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 161238.568865                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 148529.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 159965.527109                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152190.658537                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 160556.791298                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156727.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 160379.534951                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 162600.880952                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 160184.893188                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154969.820513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 161435.858060                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154703.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 161476.600423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160687.391602                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                89984                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     89984                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        29615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        29052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        29483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        12988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        13203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        10477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        29851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        12818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        25687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           320111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             56                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        29629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        29054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        29483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        12988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        13203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        10477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        29856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        12818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        25687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            320167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        29629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17379                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        29054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        29483                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        12988                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        13203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17611                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        10477                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17909                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        29856                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        12818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        25687                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           320167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4268100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3021783160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3899255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3008047644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3529227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1795362722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3550502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2972494378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3970028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3015354114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4112984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1348149281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4181210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1327731798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4474744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1348696308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3445160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1823344493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3326782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1079236600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3252407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1821263603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3854932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3055327641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3845513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1309353634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4389191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1309637853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3772115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2651160580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3476985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1852372164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32800665108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1558326                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       323560                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       927409                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       261958                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       674536                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       338859                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       470742                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1119275                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5674665                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4268100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3023341486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3899255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3008371204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3529227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1796290131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3550502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2972756336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3970028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3015354114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4112984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1348149281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4181210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1327731798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4474744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1348696308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3445160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1824019029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3326782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1079236600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3252407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1821602462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3854932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3055798383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3845513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1309353634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4389191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1309637853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3772115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2651160580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3476985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1853491439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32806339773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4268100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3023341486                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3899255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3008371204                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3529227                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1796290131                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3550502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2972756336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3970028                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3015354114                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4112984                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1348149281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4181210                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1327731798                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4474744                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1348696308                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3445160                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1824019029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3326782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1079236600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3252407                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1821602462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3854932                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3055798383                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3845513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1309353634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4389191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1309637853                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3772115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2651160580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3476985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1853491439                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32806339773                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.977778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.410226                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.408350                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.354614                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.402265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.408069                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.361720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.356843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.362660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.357210                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.322260                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.363384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.412997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.352182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.352846                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.400727                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.365044                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.382419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.202899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.043478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.067568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.028986                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.048611                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.061538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.072464                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.074324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.977778                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.410028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.408002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.353749                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.401909                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.407680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.360363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.355543                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.361310                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.356310                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.320398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.362986                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.412672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.350890                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.351581                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.399984                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.364171                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.381652                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.977778                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.410028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.408002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.353749                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.401909                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.407680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.360363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.355543                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.361310                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.356310                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.320398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.362986                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.412672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.350890                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.351581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.399984                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.364171                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.381652                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 97002.272727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 102035.561709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 99980.897436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 102043.817220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 88230.675000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103365.923312                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 91038.512821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102316.342352                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 99250.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 102274.331445                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 100316.682927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102450.739494                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 101980.731707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 102227.579150                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 104063.813953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102150.746648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 93112.432432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 103575.579016                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 89913.027027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 103010.079221                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 90344.638889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 101718.157107                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94022.731707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102352.605976                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 98602.897436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 102149.604775                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 104504.547619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 101957.014636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 96720.897436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103210.206719                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 96582.916667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103236.480187                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102466.535383                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       111309                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107853.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92740.900000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       130979                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 96362.285714                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 84714.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 94148.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101752.272727                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101333.303571                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 97002.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 102039.943501                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 99980.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 102044.408399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 88230.675000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103359.809598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 91038.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102318.315413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 99250.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 102274.331445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 100316.682927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102450.739494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 101980.731707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 102227.579150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 104063.813953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102150.746648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 93112.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 103572.711885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 89913.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 103010.079221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 90344.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 101714.359372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94022.731707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102351.232014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 98602.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 102149.604775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 104504.547619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 101957.014636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 96720.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103210.206719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 96582.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103235.570848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102466.337171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 97002.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 102039.943501                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 99980.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 102044.408399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 88230.675000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103359.809598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 91038.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102318.315413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 99250.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 102274.331445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 100316.682927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102450.739494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 101980.731707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 102227.579150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 104063.813953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102150.746648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 93112.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 103572.711885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 89913.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 103010.079221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 90344.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 101714.359372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94022.731707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102351.232014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 98602.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 102149.604775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 104504.547619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 101957.014636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 96720.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103210.206719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 96582.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103235.570848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102466.337171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              581.890317                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1010686360                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  588                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1718854.353741                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    41.544690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   540.345627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.066578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.865939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.932517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10678470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10678470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10678470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       10678470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10678470                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      10678470                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9762360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9762360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9762360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9762360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9762360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9762360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10678528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10678528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10678528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     10678528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10678528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     10678528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 168316.551724                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168316.551724                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 168316.551724                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168316.551724                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 168316.551724                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168316.551724                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7998569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7998569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7998569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7998569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7998569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7998569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 177745.977778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177745.977778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 177745.977778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177745.977778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 177745.977778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177745.977778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                72261                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              432110157                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                72517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              5958.742874                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   111.878163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   144.121837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.437024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.562976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     27996046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27996046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15329921                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15329921                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         7486                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7486                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         7478                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7478                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     43325967                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       43325967                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     43325967                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      43325967                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       255839                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       255839                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          230                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          230                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       256069                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       256069                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       256069                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       256069                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30990959579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  30990959579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     25714712                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25714712                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  31016674291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  31016674291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  31016674291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  31016674291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     28251885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28251885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15330151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15330151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7486                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7486                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7478                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7478                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     43582036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43582036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     43582036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43582036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 121134.618174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121134.618174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 111803.095652                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111803.095652                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 121126.236643                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121126.236643                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 121126.236643                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121126.236643                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14313                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total           14313                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       183647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       183647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       183808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       183808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       183808                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       183808                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8047130166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8047130166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      6449487                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6449487                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8053579653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8053579653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8053579653                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8053579653                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 111468.447557                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111468.447557                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93470.826087                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93470.826087                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 111451.262133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111451.262133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 111451.262133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111451.262133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              579.506195                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1010690216                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1733602.428816                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    38.433227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   541.072969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.061592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.867104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     10682326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10682326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     10682326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       10682326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     10682326                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      10682326                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8805439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8805439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8805439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8805439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8805439                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8805439                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     10682379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10682379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     10682379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     10682379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     10682379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     10682379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 166140.358491                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166140.358491                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 166140.358491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166140.358491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 166140.358491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166140.358491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7046324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7046324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7046324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7046324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7046324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7046324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 176158.100000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176158.100000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 176158.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176158.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 176158.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176158.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                72257                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              432106539                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                72513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              5959.021679                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   111.878413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   144.121587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.437025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.562975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     27994738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27994738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     15327607                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15327607                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         7490                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7490                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         7478                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7478                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     43322345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       43322345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     43322345                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      43322345                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       255598                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       255598                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          229                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          229                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       255827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       255827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       255827                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       255827                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  30842115066                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  30842115066                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     21162940                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     21162940                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  30863278006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  30863278006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  30863278006                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  30863278006                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     28250336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28250336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     15327836                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15327836                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7490                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7490                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7478                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7478                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     43578172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43578172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     43578172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43578172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120666.496084                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120666.496084                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92414.585153                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92414.585153                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120641.206776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120641.206776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120641.206776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120641.206776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13344                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total           13344                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       183410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       183410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       183570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       183570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       183570                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       183570                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        72188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        72257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        72257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8034131050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8034131050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      5223582                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5223582                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8039354632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8039354632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8039354632                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8039354632                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 111294.551033                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111294.551033                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 75704.086957                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75704.086957                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 111260.564817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111260.564817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 111260.564817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111260.564817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              520.457765                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              982477675                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  523                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1878542.399618                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    39.388996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   481.068770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.063123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.770944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     10798334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10798334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     10798334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       10798334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     10798334                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      10798334                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8091093                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8091093                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8091093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8091093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8091093                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8091093                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     10798384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10798384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     10798384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     10798384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     10798384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     10798384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161821.860000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161821.860000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161821.860000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161821.860000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161821.860000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161821.860000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6756927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6756927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6756927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6756927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6756927                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6756927                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164803.097561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164803.097561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164803.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164803.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164803.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164803.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                49128                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              166483057                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                49384                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              3371.194253                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   234.017200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    21.982800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.914130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.085870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      7612851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7612851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      6443437                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6443437                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        16048                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16048                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14827                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14827                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     14056288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       14056288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     14056288                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      14056288                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       168911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       168911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3719                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3719                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       172630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       172630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       172630                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       172630                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  21855427568                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21855427568                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    475081589                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    475081589                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  22330509157                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22330509157                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  22330509157                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22330509157                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      7781762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7781762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      6447156                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6447156                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        16048                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16048                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        14827                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14827                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     14228918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14228918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     14228918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14228918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000577                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000577                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 129390.197015                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129390.197015                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 127744.444474                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127744.444474                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 129354.742264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129354.742264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 129354.742264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129354.742264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16328                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total           16328                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       119931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       119931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3571                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3571                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       123502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       123502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       123502                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       123502                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        48980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        49128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        49128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5126872969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5126872969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     10957273                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10957273                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5137830242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5137830242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5137830242                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5137830242                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104672.784177                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104672.784177                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 74035.628378                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74035.628378                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104580.488560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104580.488560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104580.488560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104580.488560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              579.379706                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1010692496                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1733606.339623                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    38.349911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   541.029796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.061458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.867035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10684606                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10684606                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10684606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       10684606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10684606                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      10684606                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9098657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9098657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9098657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9098657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9098657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9098657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10684657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10684657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10684657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     10684657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10684657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     10684657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 178405.039216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178405.039216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 178405.039216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 178405.039216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 178405.039216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 178405.039216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7321471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7321471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7321471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7321471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7321471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7321471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 183036.775000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183036.775000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 183036.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183036.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 183036.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183036.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                72290                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              432156527                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                72546                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              5957.000069                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   111.878725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   144.121275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.437026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.562974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     28025959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      28025959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15346359                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15346359                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         7497                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7497                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         7486                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7486                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     43372318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       43372318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     43372318                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      43372318                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       256134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       256134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          220                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          220                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       256354                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       256354                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       256354                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       256354                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  30795267992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  30795267992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     20023117                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     20023117                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  30815291109                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  30815291109                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  30815291109                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  30815291109                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     28282093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28282093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15346579                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15346579                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7497                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7497                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7486                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7486                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     43628672                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43628672                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     43628672                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43628672                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000014                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 120231.082137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120231.082137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 91014.168182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91014.168182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 120206.008523                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120206.008523                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 120206.008523                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120206.008523                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13706                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total           13706                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       183913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       183913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       184064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       184064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       184064                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       184064                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        72221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        72290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        72290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   7992051197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7992051197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      5111399                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5111399                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   7997162596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7997162596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   7997162596                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7997162596                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 110661.043145                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110661.043145                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 74078.246377                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74078.246377                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 110626.125273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110626.125273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 110626.125273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110626.125273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              579.250097                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1010690896                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1730635.095890                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    39.119341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   540.130756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.062691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.865594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     10683006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10683006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     10683006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       10683006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     10683006                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      10683006                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8973077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8973077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8973077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8973077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8973077                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8973077                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     10683057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10683057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     10683057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     10683057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     10683057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     10683057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 175942.686275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175942.686275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 175942.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175942.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 175942.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175942.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7333302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7333302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7333302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7333302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7333302                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7333302                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 178861.024390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178861.024390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 178861.024390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178861.024390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 178861.024390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178861.024390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                72319                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              432147555                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                72575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              5954.496107                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   111.878543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   144.121457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.437026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.562974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     28019122                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      28019122                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15343749                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15343749                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         7971                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7971                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         7487                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7487                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     43362871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       43362871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     43362871                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      43362871                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       256091                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       256091                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          230                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          230                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       256321                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       256321                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       256321                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       256321                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  30806032065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  30806032065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     20754962                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     20754962                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  30826787027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  30826787027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  30826787027                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  30826787027                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     28275213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28275213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     15343979                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15343979                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7971                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7971                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7487                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7487                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     43619192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43619192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     43619192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43619192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 120293.302244                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120293.302244                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 90238.965217                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90238.965217                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 120266.334116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120266.334116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 120266.334116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120266.334116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12490                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           12490                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       183841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       183841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       184002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       184002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       184002                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       184002                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        72250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        72319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        72319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8036473578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8036473578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      5104875                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5104875                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8041578453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8041578453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8041578453                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8041578453                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 111231.468208                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111231.468208                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 73983.695652                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73983.695652                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 111195.929880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111195.929880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 111195.929880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111195.929880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              517.184992                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              981408198                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1894610.420849                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    42.184992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.067604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     10957836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10957836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     10957836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       10957836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     10957836                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      10957836                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     11057365                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11057365                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     11057365                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11057365                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     11057365                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11057365                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     10957888                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10957888                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     10957888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     10957888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     10957888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     10957888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 212641.634615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 212641.634615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 212641.634615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 212641.634615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 212641.634615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 212641.634615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9420368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9420368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9420368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9420368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9420368                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9420368                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 219078.325581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 219078.325581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 219078.325581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 219078.325581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 219078.325581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 219078.325581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                36516                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              160535642                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                36772                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              4365.703307                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.744121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.255879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.913063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.086937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      7543883                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7543883                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      6349009                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6349009                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        16144                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16144                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        15289                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15289                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     13892892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       13892892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     13892892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      13892892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       116750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       116750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          808                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          808                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       117558                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       117558                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       117558                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       117558                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14502656915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14502656915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     70569995                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     70569995                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14573226910                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14573226910                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14573226910                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14573226910                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      7660633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7660633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      6349817                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6349817                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        16144                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16144                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        15289                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15289                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     14010450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14010450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     14010450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14010450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.015240                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015240                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 124219.759443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124219.759443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 87339.102723                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87339.102723                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 123966.271202                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123966.271202                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 123966.271202                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123966.271202                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7861                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            7861                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        80371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        80371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          671                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          671                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        81042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        81042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        81042                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        81042                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        36379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        36516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        36516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3815222823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3815222823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      9395220                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9395220                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3824618043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3824618043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3824618043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3824618043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104874.318233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104874.318233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 68578.248175                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68578.248175                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104738.143362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104738.143362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104738.143362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104738.143362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              516.933322                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              981409319                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1894612.584942                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    41.933322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.067201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10958957                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10958957                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10958957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       10958957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10958957                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      10958957                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11589258                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11589258                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11589258                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11589258                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11589258                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11589258                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10959007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10959007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10959007                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     10959007                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10959007                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     10959007                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 231785.160000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 231785.160000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 231785.160000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 231785.160000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 231785.160000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 231785.160000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     10143402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10143402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     10143402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10143402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     10143402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10143402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 235893.069767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 235893.069767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 235893.069767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 235893.069767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 235893.069767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 235893.069767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                36530                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              160538284                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                36786                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              4364.113630                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   233.745765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    22.254235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.913069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.086931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      7544520                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7544520                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      6350974                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6350974                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        16180                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16180                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        15293                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15293                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     13895494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       13895494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     13895494                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      13895494                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       116870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       116870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          773                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          773                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       117643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       117643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       117643                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       117643                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  14472539515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14472539515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     68866796                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     68866796                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  14541406311                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14541406311                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  14541406311                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14541406311                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      7661390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7661390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      6351747                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6351747                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        16180                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16180                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        15293                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15293                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     14013137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14013137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     14013137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14013137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.015254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008395                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008395                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008395                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008395                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 123834.512835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123834.512835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 89090.292367                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89090.292367                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 123606.218058                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123606.218058                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 123606.218058                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123606.218058                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7671                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            7671                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        80473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        80473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        81113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        81113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        81113                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        81113                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        36397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          133                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          133                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        36530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        36530                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36530                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3799557946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3799557946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      9349332                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9349332                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3808907278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3808907278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3808907278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3808907278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104392.063796                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104392.063796                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 70295.729323                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70295.729323                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104267.924391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104267.924391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104267.924391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104267.924391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              518.931597                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              981405861                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1887318.963462                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    43.931597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.070403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     10955499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10955499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     10955499                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       10955499                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     10955499                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      10955499                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     12080843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12080843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     12080843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12080843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     12080843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12080843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     10955552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10955552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     10955552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     10955552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     10955552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     10955552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 227940.433962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 227940.433962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 227940.433962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 227940.433962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 227940.433962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 227940.433962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10410604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10410604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10410604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10410604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10410604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10410604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 231346.755556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 231346.755556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 231346.755556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 231346.755556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 231346.755556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 231346.755556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                36542                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              160542374                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                36798                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              4362.801620                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.744844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.255156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.913066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.086934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7546166                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7546166                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      6353300                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6353300                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        16293                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16293                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        15298                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15298                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     13899466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       13899466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     13899466                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      13899466                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       116959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       116959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          800                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          800                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       117759                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       117759                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       117759                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       117759                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14505539995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14505539995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     69702471                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     69702471                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14575242466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14575242466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14575242466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14575242466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7663125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7663125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      6354100                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6354100                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        16293                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16293                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        15298                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15298                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     14017225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14017225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     14017225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14017225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.015263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008401                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008401                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008401                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008401                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 124022.435170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124022.435170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 87128.088750                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87128.088750                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 123771.792101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123771.792101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 123771.792101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123771.792101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7753                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            7753                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        80553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        80553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          664                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          664                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        81217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        81217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        81217                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        81217                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          136                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          136                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36542                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36542                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3816869026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3816869026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      9278363                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9278363                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3826147389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3826147389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3826147389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3826147389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104841.757567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104841.757567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 68223.257353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68223.257353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104705.472853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104705.472853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104705.472853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104705.472853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              518.895670                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              982472629                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1889370.440385                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    36.895670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.059128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10793288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10793288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10793288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       10793288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10793288                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      10793288                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7621696                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7621696                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7621696                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7621696                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7621696                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7621696                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10793336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10793336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10793336                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     10793336                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10793336                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     10793336                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158785.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158785.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158785.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158785.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158785.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158785.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6200835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6200835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6200835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6200835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6200835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6200835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163179.868421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163179.868421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163179.868421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163179.868421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163179.868421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163179.868421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                49426                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              166491144                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                49682                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              3351.136106                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   234.022573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    21.977427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.914151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.085849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      7617420                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7617420                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      6446995                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6446995                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        16001                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16001                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        14834                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14834                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     14064415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       14064415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     14064415                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      14064415                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       169376                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       169376                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3714                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3714                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       173090                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       173090                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       173090                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       173090                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  22042604719                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22042604719                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    466538203                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    466538203                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  22509142922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22509142922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  22509142922                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22509142922                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      7786796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7786796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      6450709                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6450709                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        16001                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16001                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        14834                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14834                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     14237505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14237505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     14237505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14237505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021752                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021752                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000576                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000576                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 130140.071315                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130140.071315                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 125616.102046                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125616.102046                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 130043.000300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130043.000300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 130043.000300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130043.000300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17017                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           17017                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       120094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       120094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3570                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3570                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       123664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       123664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       123664                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       123664                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        49282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          144                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          144                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        49426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        49426                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49426                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5174074058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5174074058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     10459554                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10459554                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5184533612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5184533612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5184533612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5184533612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003472                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003472                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003472                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003472                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104989.124995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104989.124995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 72635.791667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72635.791667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104894.865294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104894.865294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104894.865294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104894.865294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              493.264680                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              984623569                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1993165.119433                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    38.264680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.061322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.790488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11040008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11040008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11040008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       11040008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11040008                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      11040008                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7718697                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7718697                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7718697                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7718697                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7718697                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7718697                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11040057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11040057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11040057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     11040057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11040057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     11040057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157524.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157524.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157524.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157524.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157524.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157524.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6114814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6114814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6114814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6114814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6114814                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6114814                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156790.102564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156790.102564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156790.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156790.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156790.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156790.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                32700                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              158135738                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                32956                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              4798.389914                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   233.269200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    22.730800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.911208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.088792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      8813505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8813505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      6545189                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6545189                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        17129                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17129                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        15921                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15921                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     15358694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       15358694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     15358694                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      15358694                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        84000                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        84000                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1894                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1894                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        85894                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        85894                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        85894                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        85894                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9141554787                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9141554787                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    126490098                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    126490098                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9268044885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9268044885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9268044885                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9268044885                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      8897505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8897505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      6547083                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6547083                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        17129                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17129                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        15921                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15921                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15444588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15444588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15444588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15444588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000289                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000289                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 108828.033179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108828.033179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 66784.634636                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66784.634636                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107900.957983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107900.957983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107900.957983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107900.957983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       223524                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets            10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 22352.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7157                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            7157                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        51489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        51489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1705                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1705                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        53194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        53194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        53194                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        53194                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        32511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          189                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          189                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        32700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32700                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32700                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3272591709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3272591709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     14473783                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14473783                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3287065492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3287065492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3287065492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3287065492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 100661.059611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100661.059611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 76580.862434                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76580.862434                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 100521.880489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100521.880489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 100521.880489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100521.880489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              560.399079                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              898762740                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1593550.957447                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    35.241348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   525.157730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.056477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.841599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.898075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     10946893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10946893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     10946893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       10946893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     10946893                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      10946893                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6789678                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6789678                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6789678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6789678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6789678                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6789678                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     10946937                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10946937                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     10946937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     10946937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     10946937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     10946937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154310.863636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154310.863636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154310.863636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154310.863636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154310.863636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154310.863636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5820690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5820690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5820690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5820690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5820690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5820690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157315.945946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157315.945946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157315.945946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157315.945946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157315.945946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157315.945946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                49338                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              216617625                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                49594                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              4367.819192                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   200.312256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    55.687744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.782470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.217530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     16099844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16099844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      3092056                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3092056                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         7321                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7321                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         7254                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7254                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     19191900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       19191900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     19191900                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      19191900                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       172092                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       172092                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          319                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          319                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       172411                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       172411                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       172411                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       172411                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  19554925994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19554925994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     28001964                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28001964                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  19582927958                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19582927958                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  19582927958                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19582927958                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     16271936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16271936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      3092375                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3092375                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7321                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7321                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7254                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7254                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     19364311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19364311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     19364311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19364311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010576                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010576                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 113630.651012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113630.651012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 87780.451411                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87780.451411                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 113582.822198                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113582.822198                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 113582.822198                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113582.822198                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5787                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            5787                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       122819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       122819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          254                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          254                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       123073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       123073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       123073                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       123073                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        49273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        49338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        49338                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49338                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5167612562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5167612562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      4635570                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4635570                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5172248132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5172248132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5172248132                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5172248132                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104877.165222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104877.165222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 71316.461538                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71316.461538                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104832.950910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104832.950910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104832.950910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104832.950910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              580.790875                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1010684761                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1727666.258120                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    39.761096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.029780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.063720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.867035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.930755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10676871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10676871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10676871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       10676871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10676871                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      10676871                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9991260                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9991260                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9991260                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9991260                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9991260                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9991260                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10676926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10676926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10676926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     10676926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10676926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     10676926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 181659.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 181659.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 181659.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 181659.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 181659.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 181659.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7785781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7785781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7785781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7785781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7785781                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7785781                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 185375.738095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 185375.738095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 185375.738095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 185375.738095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 185375.738095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 185375.738095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                72348                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              432136553                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                72604                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              5951.966186                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   111.880944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   144.119056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.437035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.562965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     28012382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      28012382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     15339967                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15339967                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         7494                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7494                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         7484                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7484                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     43352349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       43352349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     43352349                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      43352349                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       256323                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       256323                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          227                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          227                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       256550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       256550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       256550                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       256550                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  31003475566                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  31003475566                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     21441990                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     21441990                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  31024917556                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  31024917556                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  31024917556                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  31024917556                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     28268705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28268705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     15340194                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15340194                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7494                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7494                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7484                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7484                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     43608899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43608899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     43608899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43608899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 120954.715597                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120954.715597                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 94458.105727                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94458.105727                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 120931.270926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120931.270926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 120931.270926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120931.270926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13184                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           13184                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       184044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       184044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       184202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       184202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       184202                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       184202                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        72279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        72348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        72348                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72348                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8078195894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8078195894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      5324323                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5324323                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8083520217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8083520217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8083520217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8083520217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 111764.079387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111764.079387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 77164.101449                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77164.101449                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 111731.080569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111731.080569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 111731.080569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111731.080569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              515.209639                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              981411722                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1901960.701550                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    40.209639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.064439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.825656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     10961360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10961360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     10961360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       10961360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     10961360                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      10961360                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10828103                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10828103                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10828103                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10828103                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10828103                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10828103                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     10961409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10961409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     10961409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     10961409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     10961409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     10961409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 220981.693878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 220981.693878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 220981.693878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 220981.693878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 220981.693878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 220981.693878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9109386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9109386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9109386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9109386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9109386                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9109386                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 222180.146341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 222180.146341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 222180.146341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 222180.146341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 222180.146341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 222180.146341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                36530                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              160538390                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                36786                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              4364.116512                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   233.745223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    22.254777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.913067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.086933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7543808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7543808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      6351770                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6351770                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        16201                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16201                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        15294                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15294                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     13895578                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       13895578                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     13895578                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      13895578                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       116999                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       116999                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          782                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          782                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       117781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       117781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       117781                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       117781                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  14410545335                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14410545335                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     68722704                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     68722704                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  14479268039                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14479268039                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  14479268039                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14479268039                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      7660807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7660807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      6352552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6352552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        16201                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16201                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        15294                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15294                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     14013359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14013359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     14013359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14013359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.015272                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015272                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 123168.106864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123168.106864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 87880.695652                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87880.695652                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 122933.818180                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122933.818180                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 122933.818180                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122933.818180                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7750                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            7750                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        80603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        80603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          648                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          648                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        81251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        81251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        81251                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        81251                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        36396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        36530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        36530                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36530                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3777670770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3777670770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      9230311                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9230311                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3786901081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3786901081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3786901081                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3786901081                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103793.569898                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103793.569898                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 68882.917910                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68882.917910                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103665.510019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103665.510019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103665.510019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103665.510019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              518.100750                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              981411506                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1890966.292871                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    43.100750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.069072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     10961144                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10961144                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     10961144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       10961144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     10961144                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      10961144                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     11680942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11680942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     11680942                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11680942                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     11680942                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11680942                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     10961196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10961196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     10961196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     10961196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     10961196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     10961196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 224633.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 224633.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 224633.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 224633.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 224633.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 224633.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10198230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10198230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10198230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10198230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10198230                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10198230                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 231777.954545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 231777.954545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 231777.954545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 231777.954545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 231777.954545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 231777.954545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                36535                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              160541330                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                36791                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              4363.603327                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.746213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.253787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.913071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.086929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      7546952                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7546952                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      6351659                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6351659                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        16108                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16108                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        15294                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15294                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     13898611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       13898611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     13898611                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      13898611                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       116872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       116872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          760                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          760                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       117632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       117632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       117632                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       117632                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  14390462554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14390462554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     67178239                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     67178239                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  14457640793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14457640793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  14457640793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14457640793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      7663824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7663824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      6352419                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6352419                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        16108                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16108                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        15294                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15294                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     14016243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14016243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     14016243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14016243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015250                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015250                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 123130.112893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123130.112893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 88392.419737                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88392.419737                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 122905.678667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122905.678667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 122905.678667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122905.678667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7674                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            7674                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        80468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        80468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          629                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          629                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        81097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        81097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        81097                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        81097                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        36404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          131                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          131                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        36535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        36535                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36535                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3779799145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3779799145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      9138322                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9138322                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3788937467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3788937467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3788937467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3788937467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103829.226047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103829.226047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 69758.183206                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69758.183206                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103707.060818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103707.060818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103707.060818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103707.060818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              528.857592                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              987023167                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1862307.862264                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    38.857592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.062272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10919652                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10919652                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10919652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       10919652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10919652                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      10919652                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7733929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7733929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7733929                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7733929                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7733929                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7733929                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10919701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10919701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10919701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     10919701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10919701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     10919701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 157835.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157835.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 157835.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157835.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 157835.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157835.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6572019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6572019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6572019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6572019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6572019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6572019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 164300.475000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164300.475000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 164300.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164300.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 164300.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164300.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                64220                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              175186313                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                64476                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              2717.077874                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   234.296395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    21.703605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.915220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.084780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7570425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7570425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      6272150                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6272150                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        17481                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17481                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14632                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14632                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     13842575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       13842575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     13842575                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      13842575                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       163068                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       163068                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          723                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          723                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       163791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       163791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       163791                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       163791                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  19746978511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19746978511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     62168584                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     62168584                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  19809147095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19809147095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  19809147095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19809147095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7733493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7733493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      6272873                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6272873                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        17481                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17481                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        14632                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14632                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     14006366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14006366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     14006366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14006366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 121096.588607                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121096.588607                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 85986.976487                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85986.976487                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 120941.609093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120941.609093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 120941.609093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120941.609093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8149                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            8149                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        98967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        98967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          604                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          604                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        99571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        99571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        99571                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        99571                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        64101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        64101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        64220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        64220                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64220                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7005716522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7005716522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      8000139                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8000139                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7013716661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7013716661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7013716661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7013716661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 109291.844464                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109291.844464                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 67228.058824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67228.058824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 109213.900047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109213.900047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 109213.900047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109213.900047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              517.406594                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              982469859                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1893005.508671                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    35.406594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.056741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     10790518                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10790518                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     10790518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       10790518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     10790518                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      10790518                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7456463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7456463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7456463                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7456463                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7456463                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7456463                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     10790563                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10790563                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     10790563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     10790563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     10790563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     10790563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165699.177778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165699.177778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165699.177778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165699.177778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165699.177778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165699.177778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6160607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6160607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6160607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6160607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6160607                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6160607                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 166502.891892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166502.891892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 166502.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166502.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 166502.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166502.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                49301                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              166478578                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                49557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              3359.335270                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   234.019355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    21.980645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.914138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.085862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      7609029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7609029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      6442864                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6442864                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        15965                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        15965                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        14826                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14826                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     14051893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       14051893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     14051893                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      14051893                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       169290                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       169290                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3729                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3729                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       173019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       173019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       173019                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       173019                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  22048389484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22048389484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    482204747                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    482204747                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  22530594231                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22530594231                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  22530594231                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22530594231                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      7778319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7778319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      6446593                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6446593                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        15965                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        15965                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        14826                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14826                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     14224912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14224912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     14224912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14224912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021764                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021764                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000578                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000578                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 130240.353736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130240.353736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 129312.080182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129312.080182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 130220.347077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130220.347077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 130220.347077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130220.347077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16615                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total           16615                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       120137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       120137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3581                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3581                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       123718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       123718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       123718                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       123718                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        49153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        49301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        49301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5191847103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5191847103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     11132510                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11132510                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5202979613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5202979613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5202979613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5202979613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003466                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003466                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003466                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003466                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105626.250748                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105626.250748                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 75219.662162                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75219.662162                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105534.971157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105534.971157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105534.971157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105534.971157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
