
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.119823                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                119822933805                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               685121365632                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 312879                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   398439                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                2001862                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67618472                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 59855.74                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 18727600905                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   23848866652                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      2733952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      1965056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      1554176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      1982848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      2753408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      1536768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      4388224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      1980416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      1555200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      4005376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      3963392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      1958400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      2715008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      1980288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      2715904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      1992576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             39860864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           79872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10563328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          10563328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        21359                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        15352                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        12142                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        15491                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        21511                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        12006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        34283                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        15472                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        12150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        31292                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        30964                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        15300                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        21211                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        15471                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        21218                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        15567                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                311413                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           82526                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                82526                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        37389                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     22816600                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        43798                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     16399665                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        41661                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     12970605                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        42730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     16548151                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        36320                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     22978973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        43798                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     12825324                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        44866                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     36622572                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        41661                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     16527854                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        45934                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     12979151                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        40593                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     33427457                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        40593                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     33077074                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        41661                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     16344117                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        37389                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     22658500                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        43798                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     16526786                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        37389                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     22665978                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        47003                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     16629337                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               332664731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        37389                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        43798                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        41661                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        42730                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        36320                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        43798                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        44866                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        41661                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        45934                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        40593                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        40593                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        41661                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        37389                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        43798                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        37389                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        47003                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             666584                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          88157815                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               88157815                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          88157815                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        37389                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     22816600                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        43798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     16399665                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        41661                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     12970605                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        42730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     16548151                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        36320                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     22978973                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        43798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     12825324                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        44866                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     36622572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        41661                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     16527854                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        45934                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     12979151                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        40593                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     33427457                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        40593                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     33077074                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        41661                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     16344117                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        37389                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     22658500                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        43798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     16526786                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        37389                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     22665978                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        47003                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     16629337                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              420822545                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              287345166                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       21812551                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19470021                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1741011                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14472430                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14211916                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1310958                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52233                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230412379                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            123949495                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          21812551                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     15522874                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            27623082                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5726858                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      3463796                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        13944422                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1708775                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    265475347                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523168                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765846                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      237852265     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        4202349      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        2135759      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        4159171      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1335178      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        3841378      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         607935      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         988991      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       10352321      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    265475347                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.075911                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.431361                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      228048779                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      5880155                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        27568463                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        22267                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3955679                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      2064376                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred        20382                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    138670395                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        38388                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3955679                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      228316870                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       3464484                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      1582153                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        27312707                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       843450                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    138468238                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          215                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       106543                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       656003                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    181495053                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    627638738                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    627638738                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    147034306                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       34460721                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        18591                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9403                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1918672                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     24957650                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      4066256                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26321                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       926723                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        137756961                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18655                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       128947570                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82155                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24985688                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51192942                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          121                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265475347                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485723                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098626                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208957442     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17798920      6.70%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18893018      7.12%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10972756      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5680020      2.14%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1420952      0.54%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1679508      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39390      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33341      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265475347                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215568     57.24%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        87987     23.37%     80.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        73018     19.39%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101125481     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1013020      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9190      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22768173     17.66%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4031706      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    128947570                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.448755                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            376573                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002920                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    523829214                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162761646                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125661212                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    129324143                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        99899                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5119584                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          121                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          350                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100311                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3955679                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       2453887                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       103689                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137775707                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18279                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24957650                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4066256                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9397                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        45974                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2496                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          350                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1173411                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       672171                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      1845582                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127314756                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22446011                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1632813                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  91                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           26477511                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       19340917                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          4031500                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.443073                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            125689946                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           125661212                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        76027112                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       165710640                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.437318                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.458794                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    112615979                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25165302                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18534                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      1730140                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261519668                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430621                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.300717                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    219561209     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16500875      6.31%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10569183      4.04%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3351525      1.28%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5531454      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1081940      0.41%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       686510      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       628189      0.24%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3608783      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261519668                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    112615979                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             23804005                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            19838060                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              9247                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17267929                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        98436174                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      1412128                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      3608783                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          395691789                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         279521433                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               5131833                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              21869819                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           112615979                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.873452                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.873452                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.348014                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.348014                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      591736748                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     163750835                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     147225869                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        18516                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 60                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              287345166                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       23705495                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19395851                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2311878                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9850643                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9337435                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2448754                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       105592                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    228165807                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            132542802                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          23705495                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     11786189                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            27670617                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       6304869                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      5376549                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        13957326                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2314085                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    265175891                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613772                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956098                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      237505274     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1293779      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        2048909      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        2772162      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        2855302      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        2417806      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        1358541      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        2005105      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       12919013      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    265175891                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.082498                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.461267                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      225843319                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      7718873                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        27620656                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        30532                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3962510                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3902680                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          384                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    162633988                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2012                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3962510                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      226465706                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       1594529                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      4702281                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        27036420                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles      1414442                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    162574954                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          195                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       193806                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       616235                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    226833876                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    756339076                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    756339076                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    196757448                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       30076423                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        40341                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21000                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         4206525                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     15212478                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      8247795                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        97458                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      2004595                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        162374491                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        40479                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       154220894                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21037                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17908059                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42860224                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1476                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265175891                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581580                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272202                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199877327     75.38%     75.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26879461     10.14%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13605134      5.13%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10242792      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8055701      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3264880      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2039759      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1069665      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       141172      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265175891                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         29260     11.44%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        93903     36.71%     48.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       132641     51.85%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    129703693     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2304467      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19338      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13971108      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8222288      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    154220894                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.536710                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            255804                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    573894520                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    180323659                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    151925844                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    154476698                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       315304                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2430919                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          176                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          631                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       116908                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3962510                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       1273730                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       137487                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    162415134                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        64608                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15212478                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8247795                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21002                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents       116060                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          631                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1343759                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1299863                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2643622                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    152110857                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13149483                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2110037                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 164                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           21371464                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       21616523                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          8221981                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.529366                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            151926084                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           151925844                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        87212786                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       234997061                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.528722                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.371123                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts    114697526                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    141133203                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21281956                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        39003                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      2341168                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261213381                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540299                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388790                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    203298479     77.83%     77.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     28717206     10.99%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10831045      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5171150      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4374331      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2498683      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2170735      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       988708      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3163044      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261213381                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts    114697526                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    141133203                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             20912443                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            12781556                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             19458                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         20351932                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       127158871                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2906177                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      3163044                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          420464716                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         328792895                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               3454747                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              22169275                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts         114697526                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           141133203                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total    114697526                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.505243                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.505243                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.399163                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.399163                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      684625935                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     211622596                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     150775264                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        38970                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 63                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              287345166                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       26024649                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     21670925                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2367861                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10000418                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9533687                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2798231                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       110065                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    226516615                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            142808373                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          26024649                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     12331918                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            29762192                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       6579413                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      7724479                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        14066643                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2263456                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    268193328                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654232                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029200                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      238431136     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        1825703      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        2303792      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        3662222      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1532570      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        1975114      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6        2307124      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1053311      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       15102356      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    268193328                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.090569                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.496992                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      225184070                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      9185304                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        29619270                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        15446                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      4189233                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3958302                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          811                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    174515752                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         3949                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      4189233                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      225414013                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        732284                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      7811062                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        29405088                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       641638                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    173442521                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          182                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        92003                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       447865                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    242225174                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    806556956                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    806556956                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    202832423                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       39392738                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        42135                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22041                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         2254050                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     16222995                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      8497969                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       100571                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1986148                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        169339968                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42290                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       162541598                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       159916                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20417082                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41400751                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1758                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    268193328                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606061                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326679                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199298108     74.31%     74.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     31405103     11.71%     86.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12900906      4.81%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7192118      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9730430      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3001313      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2951372      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1590012      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       123966      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    268193328                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1119520     79.22%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            1      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       149392     10.57%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       144280     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    136920155     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2225975      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        20094      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14904888      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8470486      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    162541598                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.565667                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1413193                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008694                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    594849632                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    189800228                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    158314380                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    163954791                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       121780                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3024112                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           47                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          892                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       116601                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           45                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      4189233                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        555928                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        70461                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    169382262                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       132257                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     16222995                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8497969                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22041                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        61346                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           71                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          892                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1404170                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1326468                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2730638                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    159710109                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     14664407                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2831488                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           23134066                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       22579506                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          8469659                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.555813                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            158314946                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           158314380                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        94864076                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       254717788                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.550955                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372428                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    118029517                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    145436750                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23946184                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        40532                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      2387888                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    264004095                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550888                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371434                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202460830     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     31184412     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11320648      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5650133      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5154607      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2170937      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2144946      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1022802      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2894780      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    264004095                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    118029517                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    145436750                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             21580251                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            13198883                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             20220                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         21074757                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       130940882                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      3000858                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2894780                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          430491430                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         342955148                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               3433101                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              19151838                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         118029517                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           145436750                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    118029517                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.434520                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.434520                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.410759                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.410759                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      718706503                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     221184330                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     161467455                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        40498                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 60                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              287345166                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       23714113                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19403550                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2310295                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9777105                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9333713                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2447441                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       105143                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    228128889                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            132611596                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          23714113                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     11781154                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            27679429                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       6312241                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      5352944                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        13955071                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2312692                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    265133141                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614166                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956774                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      237453712     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1292050      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        2049684      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        2772830      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        2856425      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        2416927      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        1356902      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        2002786      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       12931825      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    265133141                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.082528                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.461506                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      225805179                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      7696392                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        27629452                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        30644                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3971473                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3903869                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          383                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    162712296                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2007                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3971473                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      226427836                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       1588101                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      4685875                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        27045074                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles      1414779                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    162653822                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          202                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       193571                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       616590                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    226940056                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    756714715                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    756714715                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    196740885                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       30199145                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        40168                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20828                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         4210324                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     15217452                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      8250843                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        97162                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1946153                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        162451735                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        40310                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       154247534                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21102                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17995315                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43122229                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1310                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265133141                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581774                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272741                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199880208     75.39%     75.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26819243     10.12%     85.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13582377      5.12%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10263603      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8069794      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3266285      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2041505      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1067911      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       142215      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265133141                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         29155     11.34%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        95079     36.97%     48.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       132942     51.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    129725838     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2306496      1.50%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19336      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13970781      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8225083      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    154247534                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.536802                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            257176                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001667                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    573906487                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    180487975                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    151949671                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    154504710                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       317242                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2436981                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          162                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          619                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       120644                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3971473                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       1266962                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       137515                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    162492207                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        66019                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15217452                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8250843                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20831                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       116007                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           12                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          619                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1341352                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1301962                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2643314                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    152135208                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13149114                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2112326                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 162                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           21373882                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       21619085                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          8224768                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.529451                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            151949907                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           151949671                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        87229574                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       235060208                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.528805                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371095                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    114687832                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    141121282                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21370962                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        39000                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      2339585                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261161668                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540360                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.389490                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    203289549     77.84%     77.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     28680788     10.98%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10832770      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5167499      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4351991      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2495044      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2187845      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       987253      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3168929      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261161668                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    114687832                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    141121282                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             20910670                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            12780471                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             19456                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         20350198                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       127148134                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2905930                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      3168929                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          420484203                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         328956034                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               3453979                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              22212025                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         114687832                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           141121282                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    114687832                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.505455                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.505455                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.399129                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.399129                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      684719386                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     211653466                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     150846186                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        38968                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              287345166                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       21811388                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19468092                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1741391                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14495860                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14211882                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1311057                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52091                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230375611                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            123922837                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          21811388                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     15522939                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            27620321                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5726198                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      3472205                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles            3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           31                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        13943080                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1709386                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    265443205                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523134                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765739                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      237822884     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        4202021      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        2136521      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        4159238      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1335527      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        3841108      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         608597      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         988228      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       10349081      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    265443205                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.075907                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.431268                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      227997183                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      5903299                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        27565686                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        22371                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3954662                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      2065144                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred        20373                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    138644614                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        38400                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3954662                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      228266582                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       3476063                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1589873                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        27309359                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       846662                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    138444204                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          209                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       106956                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       658912                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    181472575                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    627526105                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    627526105                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    147014356                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       34458209                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        18604                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9416                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         1922133                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     24947114                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      4066043                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        27072                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       927326                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        137731827                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18666                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       128926041                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82438                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24977908                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51162505                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          132                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265443205                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485701                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098585                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208930274     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17802417      6.71%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18888720      7.12%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10973084      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5675778      2.14%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1419630      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1680706      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39334      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33262      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265443205                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215525     57.26%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88041     23.39%     80.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        72836     19.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101112883     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1012896      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9190      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22759158     17.65%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4031914      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    128926041                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.448680                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            376402                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002920                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    523754127                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162728729                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125640243                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    129302443                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       100800                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5114089                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          116                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          337                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100106                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3954662                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       2456459                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       104206                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137750582                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18199                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24947114                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4066043                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9408                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        45932                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2543                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          337                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1174632                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       671572                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      1846204                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127291738                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22437019                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1634303                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  89                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           26468747                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       19338494                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          4031728                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.442992                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            125669082                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           125640243                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        76012942                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       165685994                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.437245                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.458777                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99983112                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    112599091                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25157116                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18534                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      1730525                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261488543                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430608                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.300712                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    219534300     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16501851      6.31%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10567772      4.04%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3350462      1.28%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5530012      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1080793      0.41%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       686119      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       628289      0.24%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3608945      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261488543                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     99983112                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    112599091                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             23798958                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            19833021                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              9247                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         17265127                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        98422080                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      1412124                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      3608945                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          395635428                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         279470201                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               5130518                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              21901961                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          99983112                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           112599091                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     99983112                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.873937                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.873937                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.347955                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.347955                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      591621246                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     163727849                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     147192567                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        18516                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 63                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              287345166                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       26033486                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     21673047                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2365612                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9989525                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9532397                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2798353                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       110140                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    226548125                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            142865390                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          26033486                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     12330750                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            29770533                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       6577183                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      7715468                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        14067499                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2261208                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    268224138                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654430                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029537                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      238453605     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1828154      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        2297016      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        3664174      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1532941      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1975030      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        2307765      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1058017      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       15107436      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    268224138                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.090600                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.497191                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      225214763                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      9177213                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        29627457                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        15490                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      4189210                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3965048                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          804                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    174588139                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         3883                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      4189210                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      225445159                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        733360                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      7801680                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        29412858                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       641861                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    173513076                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          176                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        92264                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       447609                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    242306077                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    806846328                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    806846328                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    202879932                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       39426137                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        42013                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21913                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         2254808                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     16227411                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      8508614                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        99967                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1985638                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        169421358                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42163                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       162608504                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       162976                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20441050                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41465839                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1623                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    268224138                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606241                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326925                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199307799     74.31%     74.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     31409696     11.71%     86.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12910049      4.81%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7191728      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9728183      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3007799      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2954563      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1590147      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       124174      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    268224138                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1119877     79.17%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            1      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       150260     10.62%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       144357     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    136967681     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2227084      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        20099      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14912479      9.17%     94.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8481161      5.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    162608504                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.565900                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1414495                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008699                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    595018617                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    189905497                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    158380222                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    164022999                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       122062                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3025422                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           64                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          931                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       125259                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           53                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      4189210                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        556874                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        70355                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    169463527                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       131536                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     16227411                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8508614                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21913                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        61321                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           74                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          931                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1401426                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1327871                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2729297                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    159776263                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     14668833                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2832241                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           23149065                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       22591133                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          8480232                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.556043                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            158380821                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           158380222                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        94885106                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       254761345                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.551185                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372447                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts    118057179                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    145470891                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23993303                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        40540                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      2385676                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    264034928                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550953                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371575                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202481447     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     31188368     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11322863      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5650747      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5154124      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2172176      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2145762      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1022920      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2896521      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    264034928                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts    118057179                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    145470891                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             21585340                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            13201985                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             20224                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         21079714                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       130971629                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      3001572                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2896521                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          430601782                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         343117640                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               3430357                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              19121028                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts         118057179                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           145470891                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total    118057179                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.433949                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.433949                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.410855                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.410855                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      718978834                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     221260100                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     161538465                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        40506                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 30                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              287345166                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       22353874                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20170206                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1169431                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8460479                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8000991                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1237425                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        51988                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    237045610                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            140662431                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          22353874                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      9238416                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            27818531                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       3668338                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      5716575                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        13603973                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1175628                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    273050389                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604353                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932112                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      245231858     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         994537      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        2033660      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         850658      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        4627827      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        4112283      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         799233      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1665900      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       12734433      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    273050389                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077795                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.489524                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      235728408                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      7047966                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        27717492                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        87306                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      2469212                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      1962860                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          462                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    164942630                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2465                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      2469212                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      235967016                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       5092993                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      1207715                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        27581797                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       731651                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    164857434                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          140                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       311308                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       266026                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4075                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    193531779                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    776544082                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    776544082                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    171841143                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       21690624                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        19136                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9653                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         1852519                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     38912258                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores     19690418                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       179349                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       952783                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        164541342                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        19196                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       158274358                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        81267                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12566800                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     30084527                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           86                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    273050389                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579653                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377233                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    216849218     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16799919      6.15%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13818205      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5970714      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7573235      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      7340216      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4165438      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       328313      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       205131      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    273050389                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        401105     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead      3124855     86.41%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        90368      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     99271020     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1382687      0.87%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9480      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     37963018     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19648153     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    158274358                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.550816                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3616328                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022848                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    593296700                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    177131351                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    156931562                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    161890686                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       285696                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1477351                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          642                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         4021                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       116722                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        14019                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      2469212                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       4678003                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       208328                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    164560629                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1489                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     38912258                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19690418                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9656                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents       142527                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           98                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         4021                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       682902                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       689381                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      1372283                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157171201                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     37835260                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1103157                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  91                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           57481809                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       20592108                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores         19646549                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.546977                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            156936275                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           156931562                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        84744986                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       166926446                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.546143                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.507679                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts    127552363                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    149896077                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14680395                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        19110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1195289                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    270581177                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553978                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377794                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    216255155     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19803690      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9296038      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      9200743      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2500691      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10708010      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       798337      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       582858      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1435655      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    270581177                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts    127552363                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    149896077                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             57008596                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            37434900                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              9540                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         19794022                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       133294155                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      1451876                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      1435655                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          433721604                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         331622391                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               5198154                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              14294777                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts         127552363                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           149896077                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total    127552363                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.252762                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.252762                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.443899                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.443899                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      777065393                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     182220560                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     196460818                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        19080                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 60                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              287345166                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       23708781                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19399110                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2310701                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9859592                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9339324                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2447636                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       105279                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    228131972                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            132551052                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          23708781                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     11786960                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            27672646                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       6305051                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      5362719                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        13954887                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2313130                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    265131623                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613951                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956349                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      237458977     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1292507      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        2047841      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        2772031      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        2857559      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        2417183      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        1361658      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        2003609      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       12920258      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    265131623                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.082510                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.461296                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      225811298                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      7703042                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        27622748                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        30655                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3963879                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3903038                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          385                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    162654848                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2003                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3963879                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      226433566                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       1592098                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      4689191                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        27038812                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles      1414074                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    162596139                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          185                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       193544                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       616199                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    226852388                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    756447335                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    756447335                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    196732250                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       30120138                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        40292                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20954                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         4198820                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     15221552                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      8248031                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        96873                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1921628                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        162394778                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        40434                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       154217199                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        20987                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17952980                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42996622                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1435                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265131623                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581663                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272652                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199902070     75.40%     75.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26796780     10.11%     85.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13579959      5.12%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10265820      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8071446      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3267669      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2037229      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1069662      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       140988      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265131623                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         28939     11.23%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        95453     37.04%     48.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       133305     51.73%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    129699887     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2304658      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19335      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13970881      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8222438      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    154217199                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.536697                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            257697                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001671                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    573844705                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    180388808                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    151919218                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    154474896                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       317938                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2441651                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          138                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          619                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       118200                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3963879                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       1271599                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       137360                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    162435372                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        64930                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15221552                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8248031                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20957                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents       115827                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            9                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          619                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1342641                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1301068                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2643709                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    152105205                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13147933                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2111994                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 160                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           21370074                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       21615941                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          8222141                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.529347                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            151919469                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           151919218                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        87209363                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       235015018                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.528699                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.371080                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    114682786                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    141115031                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21320382                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        38999                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2339989                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261167744                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540323                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.389693                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    203314798     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     28662156     10.97%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10836161      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5163021      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4346993      1.66%     96.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2493069      0.95%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2194088      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       986019      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3171439      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261167744                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    114682786                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    141115031                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             20909732                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            12779901                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             19456                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         20349274                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       127142521                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2905799                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      3171439                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          420430938                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         328834768                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               3453373                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              22213543                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         114682786                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           141115031                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    114682786                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.505565                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.505565                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.399112                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.399112                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      684584997                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     211614004                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     150781566                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        38966                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 63                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              287345166                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       26025880                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     21671397                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2365491                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9984515                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9531811                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2797210                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       109976                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    226556491                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            142823789                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          26025880                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     12329021                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            29766079                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       6571229                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      7801890                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        14065533                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2260825                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    268308665                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654011                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028953                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      238542586     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1827625      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        2306225      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        3664919      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1530268      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1971205      0.73%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        2304852      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1052156      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       15108829      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    268308665                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.090574                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.497046                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      225220523                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      9266425                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        29622740                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        15580                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      4183392                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3958970                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          814                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    174530444                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         3552                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      4183392                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      225451350                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        733191                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      7890050                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        29407704                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       642968                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    173452791                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          172                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        92611                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       448269                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    242251196                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    806598348                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    806598348                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    202911562                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       39339634                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        42111                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22008                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         2259269                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     16221436                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      8500733                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       100735                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1984602                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        169358810                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42265                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       162561645                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       162637                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20389681                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41366640                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1717                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    268308665                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605875                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326484                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199398210     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     31416030     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12905673      4.81%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7194383      2.68%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9726021      3.62%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3001547      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2952853      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1589401      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       124547      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    268308665                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1122636     79.26%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            1      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       149405     10.55%     89.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       144317     10.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    136935469     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2226323      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        20102      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14906714      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8473037      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    162561645                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.565736                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1416359                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008713                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    595010951                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    189791644                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    158345188                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    163978004                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       121925                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3017421                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           63                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          897                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       116094                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           59                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      4183392                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        556440                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        70155                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    169401077                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       132949                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     16221436                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8500733                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22009                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        61013                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           78                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          897                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1402899                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1325005                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2727904                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    159739232                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     14668281                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2822413                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           23140403                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       22585055                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          8472122                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.555914                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            158345789                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           158345188                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        94879156                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       254737529                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.551063                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372458                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    118075524                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    145493432                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23908311                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        40548                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      2385523                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    264125273                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550850                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371417                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202559772     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     31196232     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11322603      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5652345      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5156867      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2172079      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2146261      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1023382      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2895732      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    264125273                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    118075524                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    145493432                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             21588654                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            13204015                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             20228                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         21082952                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       130991937                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      3002030                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2895732                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          430630465                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         342986915                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               3431271                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              19036501                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         118075524                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           145493432                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    118075524                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.433571                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.433571                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.410919                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.410919                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      718840716                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     221226913                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     161489751                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        40514                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              287345166                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       23270838                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19028327                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2273267                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9817984                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9204769                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2398151                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       101494                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    226125420                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            131986934                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          23270838                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     11602920                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            27671781                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       6570247                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      3996444                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        13900187                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2291455                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    262040744                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615592                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966336                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      234368963     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1495211      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        2369139      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3767469      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1574249      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1768716      0.67%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        1859033      0.71%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1224247      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       13613717      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    262040744                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.080986                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.459332                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      224076056                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      6062026                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        27585704                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        70363                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      4246593                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3818235                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          484                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    161213288                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         3184                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      4246593                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      224399487                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       1951974                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      3147269                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        27338541                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       956878                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    161127878                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents        28016                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       277304                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       357816                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents        45009                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    223694300                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    749541535                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    749541535                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    191312943                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       32381325                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        41085                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22588                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         2885886                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     15367115                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      8257361                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       249390                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1874070                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        160924750                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41193                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       152447774                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       186755                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20209287                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44719985                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3890                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    262040744                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581771                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273407                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197749867     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25807337      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14117014      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9612421      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8992550      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2597649      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2007477      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       685593      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       470836      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    262040744                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35547     12.52%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       109772     38.66%     51.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       138630     48.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127710884     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2406803      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18494      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14093191      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8218402      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    152447774                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.530539                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            283949                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001863                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    567406996                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    181176891                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    150012167                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    152731723                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       461436                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2741711                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          377                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1691                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       231852                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9500                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      4246593                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       1308256                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       137302                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    160966103                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10759                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15367115                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8257361                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22561                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents       101423                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           36                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1691                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1332941                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1291117                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2624058                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150291096                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13258159                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2156678                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                 160                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           21474659                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       21149957                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          8216500                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.523033                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            150013303                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           150012167                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        87708066                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       229113631                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.522063                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.382815                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112372773                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    137738337                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23228038                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37303                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      2321541                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    257794151                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534296                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387896                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    201875494     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27079874     10.50%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10544346      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5679217      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4258434      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2374156      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1462184      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1309068      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3211378      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    257794151                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts    112372773                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    137738337                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             20650913                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            12625404                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             18610                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         19771347                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       124112457                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2797799                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      3211378                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          415548394                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         326179592                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               3646193                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              25304422                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts         112372773                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           137738337                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total    112372773                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.557071                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.557071                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.391072                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.391072                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      677774714                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     207950059                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     150358363                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        37270                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              287345166                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       23283751                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19037409                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2272692                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9826312                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9209426                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2398258                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       101514                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    226178667                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            132040694                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          23283751                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     11607684                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            27684904                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       6567128                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      3988854                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        13902809                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2290817                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    262096993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615697                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966493                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      234412089     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1498790      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        2370559      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        3768346      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1576223      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        1769701      0.68%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        1856443      0.71%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1223300      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       13621542      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    262096993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.081031                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.459519                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      224131962                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      6052075                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        27598491                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        70405                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      4244058                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      3821937                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          489                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    161273488                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         3196                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      4244058                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      224456228                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       1941254                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      3152321                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        27350437                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       952693                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    161187180                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents        27803                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       276915                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       357575                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents        41733                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    223767144                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    749813099                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    749813099                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    191402609                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       32364493                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        40950                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22441                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         2880770                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     15371281                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      8261924                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads       249547                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1872454                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        160978825                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41066                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       152507594                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       187115                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20192035                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44684462                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3746                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    262096993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581875                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273445                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197781325     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25812604      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14126204      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9617709      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8996374      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2599016      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2008299      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       684611      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       470851      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    262096993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35491     12.49%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead       110004     38.70%     51.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       138744     48.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127761730     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2407628      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18503      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14097354      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8222379      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    152507594                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.530747                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            284239                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001864                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    567583531                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    181213600                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    150072937                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    152791833                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       463075                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2739973                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          385                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1705                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       232659                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9555                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      4244058                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       1303190                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       137075                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    161020045                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        22701                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15371281                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8261924                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22424                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents       101031                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           42                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1705                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1330704                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1292384                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2623088                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150352308                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13264467                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2155282                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                 154                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           21484716                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       21161746                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          8220249                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.523246                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            150074172                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           150072937                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        87742793                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       229194652                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.522274                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.382831                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112425505                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    137802859                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23217401                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37320                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      2320953                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    257852935                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534424                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388095                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    201910974     78.30%     78.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27090413     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10548560      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5681788      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4260517      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2373627      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1463619      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1309451      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3213986      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    257852935                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    112425505                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    137802859                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             20660568                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            12631307                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             18620                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         19780571                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       124170630                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2799107                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      3213986                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          415658455                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         326284834                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               3646687                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              25248173                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         112425505                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           137802859                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    112425505                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.555872                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.555872                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.391256                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.391256                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      678044677                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     208029227                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     150420523                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        37284                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 60                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              287345160                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       23716625                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19405469                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2309174                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9814658                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9340187                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2448905                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       105317                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    228187102                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            132626358                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          23716625                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     11789092                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            27684598                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       6307125                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      5367599                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        13957069                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2311867                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    265207163                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614069                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956571                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      237522565     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        1293151      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        2049941      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        2772040      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        2857840      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        2416315      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6        1361662      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        2005678      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       12927971      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    265207163                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.082537                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.461558                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      225862796                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      7711517                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        27635074                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        30316                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3967459                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3904257                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          385                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    162733633                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1997                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3967459                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      226486009                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       1600867                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      4686799                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        27049797                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles      1416229                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    162675383                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          173                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       193452                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       617420                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    226966334                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    756828032                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    756828032                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    196817961                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       30148373                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        40264                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20918                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         4210519                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     15219970                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      8252871                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        97157                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1985587                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        162475052                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        40405                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       154279426                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21014                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17975449                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43077411                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1390                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265207163                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581732                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272478                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199904774     75.38%     75.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26868494     10.13%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13598027      5.13%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10251420      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8065253      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3267457      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2040650      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1070283      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       140805      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265207163                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         28929     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        94375     36.79%     48.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       133185     51.93%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    129749135     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2307106      1.50%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19344      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13976511      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8227330      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    154279426                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.536913                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            256489                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001662                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    574043518                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    180491535                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    151986349                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    154535915                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       316744                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2434489                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          137                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          632                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       119492                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3967459                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       1279939                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       137289                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    162515618                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        65277                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15219970                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8252871                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20918                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents       115887                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          632                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1342537                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1298583                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2641120                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    152171798                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13154020                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2107628                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                 161                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           21381053                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       21622448                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          8227033                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.529578                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            151986604                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           151986349                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        87245982                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       235107059                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.528933                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.371090                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    114732787                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    141176583                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21339067                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        39015                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      2338476                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261239704                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540410                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.389138                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    203320031     77.83%     77.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     28713324     10.99%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10838050      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5169435      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4369512      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2497290      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2177118      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       987904      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3167040      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261239704                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    114732787                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    141176583                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             20918860                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            12785481                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             19464                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         20358176                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       127197968                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2907071                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      3167040                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          420587534                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         328998822                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               3452210                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              22137997                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         114732787                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           141176583                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    114732787                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.504473                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.504473                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.399286                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.399286                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      684900427                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     211700320                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     150867082                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        38982                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              287345166                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       21813109                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19470023                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1740383                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14508917                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14216625                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1311088                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52272                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230440215                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            123934368                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          21813109                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     15527713                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            27623565                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5721207                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      3460891                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        13945338                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1708345                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    265495736                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523071                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765626                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      237872171     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        4203719      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        2135787      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        4160218      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1335048      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        3842596      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         608842      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         987794      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       10349561      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    265495736                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.075913                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.431308                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      228079296                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      5874511                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        27568939                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        22323                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3950663                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      2065119                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred        20372                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    138655501                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts        38414                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3950663                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      228346757                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       3461270                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      1580908                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        27313662                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       842472                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    138455160                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          218                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       107282                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       654230                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    181474380                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    627567225                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    627567225                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    147067946                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       34406414                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        18590                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9400                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         1917288                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     24953059                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      4066414                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26928                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       927549                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        137745395                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18652                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       128955884                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82015                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24948452                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51087416                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          115                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265495736                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485717                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098518                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208965788     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17805758      6.71%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18899817      7.12%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10976680      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5676709      2.14%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1418106      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1680265      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39408      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33205      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265495736                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215420     57.24%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88045     23.39%     80.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        72883     19.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101132468     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1013272      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9192      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22768680     17.66%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4032272      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    128955884                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.448784                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            376348                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002918                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    523865865                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162712852                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125672288                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    129332232                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       100395                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5110261                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          127                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          362                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99615                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3950663                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       2450573                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       103533                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137764141                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18352                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24953059                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4066414                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9393                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46060                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2529                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          362                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1174457                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       670307                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      1844764                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127323875                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22446273                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1632007                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  94                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           26478314                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       19344129                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          4032041                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.443104                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            125700775                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           125672288                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        76031161                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       165708490                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.437357                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.458825                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100023142                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    112641853                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25127847                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18537                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1729523                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261545073                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430679                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.300827                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    219575852     83.95%     83.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16507287      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10571318      4.04%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3352712      1.28%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5531205      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1081373      0.41%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       685954      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       628591      0.24%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3610781      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261545073                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts    100023142                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    112641853                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             23809592                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            19842793                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              9249                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         17271900                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        98458736                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      1412429                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      3610781                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          395703615                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         279493244                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               5130733                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              21849430                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts         100023142                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           112641853                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total    100023142                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.872787                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.872787                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.348094                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.348094                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      591777634                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     163763360                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     147213167                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        18518                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 60                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              287345166                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       23683063                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19378790                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2315709                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9950606                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9341018                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2448046                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       105704                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    228156387                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            132364150                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          23683063                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     11789064                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            27648501                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       6301295                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      5358219                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        13957727                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2317644                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    265118649                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613218                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955128                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      237470148     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1294409      0.49%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        2050887      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        2771687      1.05%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        2855961      1.08%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        2414268      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        1358608      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        2003948      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       12898733      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    265118649                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.082420                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.460645                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      225836478                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      7697902                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        27598794                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        30339                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3955135                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3897609                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          384                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    162451726                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2023                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3955135                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      226457401                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       1593173                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      4686020                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        27015980                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles      1410937                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    162392862                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          189                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       192941                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       614921                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    226575822                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    755478649                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    755478649                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    196635177                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       29940626                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        40452                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21123                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         4197687                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     15217440                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      8238784                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        96358                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1940481                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        162194145                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        40596                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       154103921                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21023                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17822545                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42559990                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1618                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265118649                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581264                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272159                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199901579     75.40%     75.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26822075     10.12%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13583794      5.12%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10243702      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8055982      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3262357      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2037968      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1069905      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       141287      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265118649                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         29136     11.37%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        94482     36.88%     48.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       132549     51.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    129608744     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2297856      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19326      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13965773      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8212222      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    154103921                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.536302                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            256167                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001662                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    573603680                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    180057899                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    151797185                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    154360088                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       313124                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2443823                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          163                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          614                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       112932                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3955135                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       1273122                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       137392                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    162234899                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        63279                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15217440                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8238784                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21126                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents       115876                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           15                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          614                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1349245                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1298231                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2647476                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    151982404                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13140336                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2121516                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 158                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           21352246                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       21601425                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          8211910                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.528919                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            151797423                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           151797185                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        87138511                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       234821546                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.528275                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371084                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    114626264                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    141045502                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21189429                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        38978                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      2344978                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261163514                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540066                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.389075                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    203319220     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     28665093     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10831650      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5161524      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4353502      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2494690      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2185232      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       987137      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3165466      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261163514                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    114626264                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    141045502                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             20899466                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            12773614                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             19446                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         20339261                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       127079874                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2904371                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      3165466                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          420232199                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         328425075                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               3456774                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              22226517                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         114626264                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           141045502                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    114626264                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.506800                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.506800                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.398915                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.398915                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      684049560                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     211450918                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     150579046                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        38944                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              287345166                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       21819533                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19476293                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1739569                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14457154                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14216411                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1310731                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52166                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230425745                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            123978185                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          21819533                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     15527142                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            27629887                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5723544                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      3456384                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles           13                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           59                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        13944625                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1707609                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    265486259                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523268                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.766011                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      237856372     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        4204731      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        2135830      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        4160092      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1334171      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        3842431      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         608280      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         989536      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       10354816      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    265486259                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.075935                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.431461                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      228064903                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      5870059                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        27575176                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        22322                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3953795                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      2065448                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred        20378                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    138702553                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        38372                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3953795                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      228332524                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       3461893                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      1576128                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        27319841                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       842074                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    138501847                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          248                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       107233                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       653719                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    181536338                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    627786531                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    627786531                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    147077541                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       34458777                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        18590                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9399                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         1917928                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     24963482                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      4067178                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26045                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       927357                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        137790103                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18658                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       128978786                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82294                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24984965                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51186138                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          118                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265486259                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485821                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098740                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208958486     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17796138      6.70%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18899933      7.12%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10979011      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5677537      2.14%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1421468      0.54%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1680889      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39449      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33348      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265486259                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215618     57.24%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88141     23.40%     80.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        72931     19.36%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101151336     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1013396      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9192      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22771563     17.66%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4033299      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    128978786                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.448864                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            376690                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002921                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    523902813                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162794081                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125695880                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    129355476                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102684                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5118251                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          110                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          362                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100362                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3953795                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       2452108                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       103453                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137808878                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18279                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24963482                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4067178                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9396                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        45961                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2534                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          362                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1172103                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       671862                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      1843965                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127346533                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22450206                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1632251                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 117                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           26483282                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       19347380                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          4033076                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.443183                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            125724207                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           125695880                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        76049722                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       165755147                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.437439                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.458808                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100031269                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    112649980                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25164437                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18540                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1728715                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261532464                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430730                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.300946                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    219564787     83.95%     83.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16502390      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10572640      4.04%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3353528      1.28%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5532599      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1080127      0.41%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       686508      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       627433      0.24%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3612452      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261532464                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts    100031269                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    112649980                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             23812042                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            19845226                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              9249                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         17273231                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        98465546                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      1412436                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      3612452                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          395734052                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         279585843                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               5131802                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              21858907                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts         100031269                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           112649980                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total    100031269                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.872553                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.872553                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.348122                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.348122                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      591888601                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     163791476                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     147262870                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        18524                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 60                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              287345166                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       23683703                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19379348                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2314645                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9934746                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9340698                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2446932                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       105554                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    228144554                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            132378472                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          23683703                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     11787630                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            27647928                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       6298943                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      5365254                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        13956442                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2316475                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    265111991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613262                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955229                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      237464063     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1293455      0.49%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        2050591      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        2772040      1.05%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        2855782      1.08%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        2412754      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        1358359      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        2004364      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       12900583      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    265111991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.082422                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.460695                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      225826383                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      7703212                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        27598054                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        30490                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3953851                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3897685                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          381                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    162459883                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1998                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3953851                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      226448165                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       1596580                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      4686395                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        27014697                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles      1412300                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    162400090                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          194                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       193072                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       615668                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    226589192                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    755512825                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    755512825                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    196650383                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       29938799                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        40598                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21270                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         4199987                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     15211939                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      8239628                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        96757                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1994112                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        162202044                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        40738                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       154107739                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        20986                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17817171                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42575640                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1755                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265111991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581293                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271874                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199851204     75.38%     75.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26871068     10.14%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13599466      5.13%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10231698      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8047954      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3262770      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2038258      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1069153      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       140420      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265111991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         29292     11.44%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        94161     36.79%     48.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       132499     51.77%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    129610395     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2299034      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19327      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13965453      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8213530      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    154107739                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.536316                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            255952                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001661                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    573604407                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    180060561                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    151805116                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    154363691                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       313557                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2437358                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          153                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          611                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       113172                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3953851                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       1276298                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       137166                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    162242944                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        62365                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15211939                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8239628                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21271                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents       115770                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           15                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          611                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1348754                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1297413                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2646167                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    151989873                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13140527                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2117866                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 162                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           21353744                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       21602764                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          8213217                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.528945                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            151805377                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           151805116                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        87142673                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       234818261                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.528302                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.371107                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    114635105                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    141056324                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21186650                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        38983                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      2343924                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261158140                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540118                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388644                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    203276490     77.84%     77.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     28699777     10.99%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10830808      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5160742      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4371771      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2496119      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2173181      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       988076      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3161176      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261158140                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    114635105                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    141056324                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             20901034                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            12774578                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             19448                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         20340801                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       127089620                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2904584                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      3161176                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          420239158                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         328439875                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               3456528                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              22233175                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         114635105                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           141056324                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    114635105                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.506607                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.506607                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.398946                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.398946                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      684083111                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     211461760                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     150595107                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        38950                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         311578                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32761.164011                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          2154263                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         344343                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           6.256154                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           253.303441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     2.781425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1779.236568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     3.694474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1418.598854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     3.128997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1095.659468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     3.060554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1402.367598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.579440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1823.396397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     3.406571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1110.652934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     3.237758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  2953.970253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     3.115516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1389.136319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     3.769606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1090.512429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     3.723332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  2404.907785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     3.633295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  2420.703848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     4.241624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1397.924469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     3.303744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1784.319888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     3.183392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1412.718572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     3.297572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1775.796296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     4.505849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1403.778650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           378.899395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           318.934244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           301.980142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           326.048645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           356.457518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           303.934644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           524.690029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           316.182321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           313.491732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           445.014360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           473.874841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           341.010005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           374.991724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           314.617871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           383.818782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           315.570841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.007730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.054298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.043292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.033437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.042797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.055646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.033894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.090148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.042393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.033280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.073392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.073874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.042661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.054453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.043113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.054193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.042840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.011563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.009733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.009216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.009950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.010878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.009275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.016012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.009649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.009567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.013581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.014462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.010407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.011444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.009601                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.011713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.009630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        41000                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        31227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        29294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        31087                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        40833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        29476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        58007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        31100                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        29226                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        50605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        50965                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        31292                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        41075                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        31083                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        41151                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        30985                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  598437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           157168                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                157168                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           80                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          167                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          243                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          166                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           85                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          240                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           90                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          170                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          243                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          167                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          168                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          171                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2461                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        41080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        31394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        29537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        31253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        40918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        29716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        58097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        31270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        29469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        50757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        51118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        31459                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        41159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        31251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        41233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        31156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   600898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        41080                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        31394                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        29537                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        31253                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        40918                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        29716                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        58097                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        31270                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        29469                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        50757                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        51118                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        31459                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        41159                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        31251                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        41233                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        31156                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  600898                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21357                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        15352                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12124                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        15491                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        21510                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11988                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        34283                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        15472                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        31292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        30964                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        15300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        21210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        15471                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        21218                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        15567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                311356                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  57                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        15352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        15491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        21511                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        34283                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        15472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        31292                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        30964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        15300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        21211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        15471                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        21218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        15567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 311413                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21359                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        15352                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12142                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        15491                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        21511                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12006                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        34283                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        15472                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12150                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        31292                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        30964                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        15300                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        21211                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        15471                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        21218                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        15567                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                311413                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5791820                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3549863970                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6700553                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2566102848                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6167462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2039147554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6388131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2586934538                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5528013                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3572278092                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6661879                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2019374528                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6964004                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5699391499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6508977                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2586166008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7098860                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2037361245                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6210811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5251504237                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6638731                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5190347109                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6443753                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2553486452                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5774702                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3531553800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7253996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2586700907                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5720788                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3530027586                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7056455                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2598502294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     52001651602                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       351337                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      3012749                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       203532                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      3181943                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      2651254                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       141450                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       9542265                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5791820                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3550215307                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6700553                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2566102848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6167462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2042160303                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6388131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2586934538                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5528013                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3572481624                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6661879                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2022556471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6964004                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5699391499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6508977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2586166008                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7098860                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2040012499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6210811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5251504237                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6638731                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5190347109                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6443753                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2553486452                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5774702                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3531695250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7253996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2586700907                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5720788                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3530027586                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7056455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2598502294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      52011193867                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5791820                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3550215307                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6700553                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2566102848                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6167462                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2042160303                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6388131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2586934538                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5528013                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3572481624                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6661879                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2022556471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6964004                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5699391499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6508977                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2586166008                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7098860                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2040012499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6210811                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5251504237                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6638731                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5190347109                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6443753                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2553486452                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5774702                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3531695250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7253996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2586700907                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5720788                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3530027586                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7056455                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2598502294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     52011193867                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        46579                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        41418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        46578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        62343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        41464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        92290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        46572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        41359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        81897                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        81929                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        46592                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        62285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        46554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        62369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        46552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              909793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       157168                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            157168                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          167                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          261                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          166                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           86                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          258                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           90                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          170                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          260                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          167                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           85                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          168                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          171                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2518                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        46746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        41679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        46744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        62429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        41722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        92380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        46742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        41619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        82049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        82082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        46759                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        62370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        46722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        62451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        46723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               912311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        46746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        41679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        46744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        62429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        41722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        92380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        46742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        41619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        82049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        82082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        46759                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        62370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        46722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        62451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        46723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              912311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.342496                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.329591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.292723                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.332582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.289118                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.371470                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.332217                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.293358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.382090                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.377937                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.328383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.340531                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.332324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.340201                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.334400                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.342227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.024390                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.068966                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011628                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.069767                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.065385                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011765                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.022637                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.342078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.328413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.291322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.331401                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.344567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.287762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.371108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.331009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.291934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.381382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.377233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.327210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.340083                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.331129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.339754                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.333176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.341345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.342078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.328413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.291322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.331401                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.344567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.287762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.371108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.331009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.291934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.381382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.377233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.327210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.340083                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.331129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.339754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.333176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.341345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 165480.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 166215.478298                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163428.121951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 167151.045336                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 158140.051282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 168190.989277                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 159703.275000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 166995.967852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162588.617647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 166075.225105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 162484.853659                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 168449.660327                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165809.619048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 166245.413149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 166896.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 167151.370734                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 165089.767442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 167919.001484                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 163442.394737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 167822.582034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 174703.447368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 167625.213441                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165224.435897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 166894.539346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 164991.485714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 166504.186704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 176926.731707                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 167196.749208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 163451.085714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 166369.478085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 160373.977273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 166923.767842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167016.699861                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 175668.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 167374.944444                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       203532                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 176774.611111                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 155956.117647                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       141450                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167408.157895                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 165480.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 166216.363453                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163428.121951                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 167151.045336                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 158140.051282                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 168189.779526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 159703.275000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 166995.967852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162588.617647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 166076.966389                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 162484.853659                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 168462.141513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165809.619048                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 166245.413149                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 166896.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 167151.370734                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 165089.767442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 167902.263292                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 163442.394737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 167822.582034                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 174703.447368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 167625.213441                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165224.435897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 166894.539346                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 164991.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 166503.005516                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 176926.731707                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 167196.749208                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 163451.085714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 166369.478085                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 160373.977273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 166923.767842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167016.771512                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 165480.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 166216.363453                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163428.121951                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 167151.045336                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 158140.051282                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 168189.779526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 159703.275000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 166995.967852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162588.617647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 166076.966389                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 162484.853659                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 168462.141513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165809.619048                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 166245.413149                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 166896.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 167151.370734                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 165089.767442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 167902.263292                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 163442.394737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 167822.582034                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 174703.447368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 167625.213441                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165224.435897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 166894.539346                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 164991.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 166503.005516                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 176926.731707                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 167196.749208                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 163451.085714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 166369.478085                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 160373.977273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 166923.767842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167016.771512                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                82526                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     82526                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        15352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        15491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        21510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        34283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        15472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        31292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        30964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        15300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        21210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        15471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        21218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        15567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           311356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             57                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        15352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        15491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        21511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        34283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        15472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        31292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        30964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        15300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        21211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        15471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        21218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        15567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            311413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21359                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        15352                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12142                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        15491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        21511                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12006                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        34283                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        15472                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        31292                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        30964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        15300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        21211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        15471                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        21218                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        15567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           311413                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3756975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2305755026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4316641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1672016489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3896788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1333131127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4066234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1684799885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3551143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2319216016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4280393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1321293550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4516714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3703519584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4247167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1685115947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4597344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1330787899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3998959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3429273631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4427010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3387135441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4180728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1662466531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3741214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2295964814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4872839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1685686895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3686026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2293943427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4497568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1691930483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33868670488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       233901                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1967152                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       145157                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      2135079                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1660476                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        83024                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6224789                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3756975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2305988927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4316641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1672016489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3896788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1335098279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4066234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1684799885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3551143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2319361173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4280393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1323428629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4516714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3703519584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4247167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1685115947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4597344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1332448375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3998959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3429273631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4427010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3387135441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4180728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1662466531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3741214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2296047838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4872839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1685686895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3686026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2293943427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4497568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1691930483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33874895277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3756975                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2305988927                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4316641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1672016489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3896788                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1335098279                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4066234                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1684799885                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3551143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2319361173                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4280393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1323428629                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4516714                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3703519584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4247167                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1685115947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4597344                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1332448375                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3998959                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3429273631                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4427010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3387135441                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4180728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1662466531                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3741214                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2296047838                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4872839                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1685686895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3686026                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2293943427                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4497568                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1691930483                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33874895277                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.342496                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.329591                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.292723                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.332582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.289118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.371470                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.332217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.293358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.382090                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.377937                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.328383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.340531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.332324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.340201                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.334400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.342227                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.024390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.068966                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.069767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.065385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022637                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.342078                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.328413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.291322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.331401                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.344567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.287762                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.371108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.331009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.291934                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.381382                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.377233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.327210                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.340083                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.331129                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.339754                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.333176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.341345                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.342078                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.328413                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.291322                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.331401                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.344567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.287762                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.371108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.331009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.291934                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.381382                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.377233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.327210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.340083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.331129                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.339754                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.333176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.341345                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 107342.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107962.495950                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 105283.926829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108911.965151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 99917.641026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109958.027631                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 101655.850000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 108759.917694                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 104445.382353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107820.363366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 104399.829268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 110218.013847                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 107540.809524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108027.873407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 108901.717949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 108913.905571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 106914.976744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 109683.334625                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 105235.763158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109589.467947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 116500.263158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 109389.466509                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 107198.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108657.943203                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 106891.828571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 108249.166148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 118849.731707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 108957.849848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 105315.028571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 108113.084504                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 102217.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 108686.997045                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108777.959917                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 116950.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109286.222222                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       145157                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 118615.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 97675.058824                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        83024                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109206.824561                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 107342.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107963.337563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 105283.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108911.965151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 99917.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109957.031708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 101655.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 108759.917694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 104445.382353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107822.099066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 104399.829268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 110230.603781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 107540.809524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108027.873407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 108901.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 108913.905571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 106914.976744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 109666.532922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 105235.763158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109589.467947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 116500.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 109389.466509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 107198.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108657.943203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 106891.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 108247.976899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 118849.731707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 108957.849848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 105315.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 108113.084504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 102217.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 108686.997045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108778.038415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 107342.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107963.337563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 105283.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108911.965151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 99917.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109957.031708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 101655.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 108759.917694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 104445.382353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107822.099066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 104399.829268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 110230.603781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 107540.809524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108027.873407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 108901.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 108913.905571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 106914.976744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 109666.532922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 105235.763158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109589.467947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 116500.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 109389.466509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 107198.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108657.943203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 106891.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 108247.976899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 118849.731707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 108957.849848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 105315.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 108113.084504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 102217.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 108686.997045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108778.038415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              560.161623                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1013976647                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1801024.239787                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    35.056022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   525.105601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.056180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.841515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13944378                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13944378                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13944378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       13944378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13944378                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      13944378                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7427275                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7427275                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7427275                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7427275                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7427275                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7427275                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13944422                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13944422                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13944422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     13944422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13944422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     13944422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 168801.704545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168801.704545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 168801.704545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168801.704545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 168801.704545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168801.704545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6238390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6238390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6238390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6238390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6238390                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6238390                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 173288.611111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173288.611111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 173288.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173288.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 173288.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173288.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                62439                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              243207773                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                62695                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              3879.221198                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   200.513054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    55.486946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.783254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.216746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     20498363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20498363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      3946828                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3946828                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         9312                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9312                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         9258                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9258                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     24445191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       24445191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     24445191                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      24445191                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       215900                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       215900                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          395                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          395                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       216295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       216295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       216295                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       216295                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  24780495981                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24780495981                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     34958291                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     34958291                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  24815454272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24815454272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  24815454272                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24815454272                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     20714263                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20714263                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      3947223                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3947223                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         9312                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9312                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         9258                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9258                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     24661486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24661486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     24661486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24661486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010423                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010423                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000100                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000100                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 114777.656234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114777.656234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 88502.002532                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88502.002532                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 114729.671384                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114729.671384                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 114729.671384                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114729.671384                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7674                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            7674                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       153543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       153543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          313                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          313                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       153856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       153856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       153856                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       153856                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           82                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           82                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62439                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62439                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6512504451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6512504451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      5681791                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5681791                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6518186242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6518186242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6518186242                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6518186242                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104439.027711                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104439.027711                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 69290.134146                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69290.134146                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104392.867310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104392.867310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104392.867310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104392.867310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              517.920166                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1087092808                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             2094591.152216                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    42.920166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.068782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13957271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13957271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13957271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       13957271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13957271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      13957271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10371348                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10371348                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10371348                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10371348                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10371348                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10371348                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13957326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13957326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13957326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     13957326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13957326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     13957326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 188569.963636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 188569.963636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 188569.963636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 188569.963636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 188569.963636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 188569.963636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8577277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8577277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8577277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8577277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8577277                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8577277                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 194938.113636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194938.113636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 194938.113636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194938.113636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 194938.113636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194938.113636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                46746                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              179937699                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                47002                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              3828.298775                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   233.498849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    22.501151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.912105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.087895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      9613968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9613968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      8092520                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8092520                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        20857                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20857                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        19485                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19485                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17706488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       17706488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17706488                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      17706488                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       149829                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       149829                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          968                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          968                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       150797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       150797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       150797                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       150797                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  18437566586                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18437566586                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     84920784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     84920784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  18522487370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  18522487370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  18522487370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  18522487370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      9763797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9763797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      8093488                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8093488                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        20857                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20857                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        19485                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19485                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     17857285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17857285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     17857285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17857285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.015345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008445                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008445                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008445                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008445                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 123057.396005                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123057.396005                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 87728.082645                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87728.082645                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 122830.609163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122830.609163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 122830.609163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122830.609163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9862                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            9862                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       103250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       103250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          801                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          801                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       104051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       104051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       104051                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       104051                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        46579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        46579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        46746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        46746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        46746                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46746                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4805649935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4805649935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     11349418                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11349418                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4816999353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4816999353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4816999353                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4816999353                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 103172.028919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103172.028919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 67960.586826                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67960.586826                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 103046.236106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103046.236106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 103046.236106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103046.236106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              494.146724                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1090190602                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             2193542.458753                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    39.146724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.062735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.791902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     14066588                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14066588                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     14066588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       14066588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     14066588                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      14066588                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8690592                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8690592                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8690592                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8690592                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8690592                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8690592                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     14066643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14066643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     14066643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     14066643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     14066643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     14066643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 158010.763636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158010.763636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 158010.763636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158010.763636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 158010.763636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158010.763636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6863201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6863201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6863201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6863201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6863201                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6863201                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 163409.547619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163409.547619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 163409.547619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163409.547619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 163409.547619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163409.547619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                41679                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              177964025                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                41935                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              4243.806486                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   233.464632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    22.535368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.911971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.088029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     11233159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11233159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      8337585                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8337585                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        21715                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21715                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        20249                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20249                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     19570744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       19570744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     19570744                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      19570744                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       106843                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       106843                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2603                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2603                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       109446                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       109446                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       109446                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       109446                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  11538405748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11538405748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    188299377                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    188299377                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  11726705125                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  11726705125                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  11726705125                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  11726705125                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     11340002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11340002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      8340188                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8340188                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        21715                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21715                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        20249                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        20249                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     19680190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19680190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     19680190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19680190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000312                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000312                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107994.026263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107994.026263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 72339.368805                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72339.368805                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107146.036630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107146.036630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107146.036630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107146.036630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       511110                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        56790                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9015                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            9015                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        65425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        65425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2342                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2342                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        67767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        67767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        67767                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        67767                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        41418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          261                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          261                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        41679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        41679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4110644753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4110644753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     21499962                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21499962                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4132144715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4132144715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4132144715                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4132144715                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 99247.784852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99247.784852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 82375.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82375.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 99142.127090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99142.127090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 99142.127090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99142.127090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              516.752536                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1087090556                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             2098630.416988                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    41.752536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.066911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13955019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13955019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13955019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       13955019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13955019                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      13955019                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9832552                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9832552                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9832552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9832552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9832552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9832552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13955071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13955071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13955071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     13955071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13955071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     13955071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 189087.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 189087.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 189087.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 189087.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 189087.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 189087.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8239773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8239773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8239773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8239773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8239773                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8239773                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 191622.627907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191622.627907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 191622.627907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191622.627907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 191622.627907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191622.627907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                46744                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              179935084                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                47000                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              3828.406043                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.498315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.501685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.912103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.087897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      9612206                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9612206                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      8091841                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8091841                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        20684                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20684                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        19484                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19484                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     17704047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       17704047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     17704047                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      17704047                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       149702                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       149702                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          961                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          961                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       150663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       150663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       150663                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       150663                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  18454420257                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18454420257                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     83099499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     83099499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  18537519756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  18537519756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  18537519756                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  18537519756                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      9761908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9761908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      8092802                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8092802                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        20684                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20684                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        19484                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19484                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     17854710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17854710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     17854710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17854710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008438                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008438                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008438                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008438                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 123274.373469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123274.373469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 86471.903226                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86471.903226                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 123039.629876                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123039.629876                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 123039.629876                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123039.629876                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9861                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            9861                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       103124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       103124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          795                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          795                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       103919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       103919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       103919                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       103919                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        46578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        46578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        46744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        46744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        46744                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46744                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4823487937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4823487937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     11176156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11176156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4834664093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4834664093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4834664093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4834664093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103557.214500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103557.214500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 67326.240964                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67326.240964                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103428.548969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103428.548969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103428.548969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103428.548969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              560.021014                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1013975306                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1804226.523132                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    34.004037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   526.016977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.054494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.842976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13943037                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13943037                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13943037                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       13943037                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13943037                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      13943037                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7099246                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7099246                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7099246                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7099246                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7099246                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7099246                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13943080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13943080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13943080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     13943080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13943080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     13943080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 165098.744186                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165098.744186                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 165098.744186                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165098.744186                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 165098.744186                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165098.744186                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6006554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6006554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6006554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6006554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6006554                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6006554                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 171615.828571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171615.828571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 171615.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171615.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 171615.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171615.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                62429                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              243197669                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                62685                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              3879.678855                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   200.553704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    55.446296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.783413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.216587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     20488282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20488282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      3946788                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3946788                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         9329                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9329                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         9258                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9258                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     24435070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       24435070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     24435070                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      24435070                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       216036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       216036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          427                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          427                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       216463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       216463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       216463                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       216463                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  24802415747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24802415747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     37307860                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37307860                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  24839723607                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24839723607                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  24839723607                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24839723607                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     20704318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20704318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      3947215                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3947215                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         9329                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9329                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         9258                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9258                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     24651533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24651533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     24651533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24651533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.010434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000108                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 114806.864351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114806.864351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 87372.037471                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87372.037471                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 114752.745767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114752.745767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 114752.745767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114752.745767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7533                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            7533                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       153693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       153693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          341                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          341                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       154034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       154034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       154034                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       154034                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        62343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        62429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        62429                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62429                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   6524119014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6524119014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      5824375                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5824375                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   6529943389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6529943389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   6529943389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6529943389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104648.781964                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104648.781964                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 67725.290698                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67725.290698                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104597.917458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104597.917458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104597.917458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104597.917458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              495.407712                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1090191457                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  499                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             2184752.418838                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    40.407712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.064756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.793923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     14067443                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14067443                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     14067443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       14067443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     14067443                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      14067443                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9571241                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9571241                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9571241                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9571241                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9571241                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9571241                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     14067499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14067499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     14067499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     14067499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     14067499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     14067499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 170915.017857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170915.017857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 170915.017857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170915.017857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 170915.017857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170915.017857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7631392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7631392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7631392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7631392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7631392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7631392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 173440.727273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173440.727273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 173440.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173440.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 173440.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173440.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                41722                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              177969340                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                41978                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              4239.585974                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.465014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.534986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.911973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.088027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     11236505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11236505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      8339668                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8339668                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        21597                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21597                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        20253                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20253                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     19576173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       19576173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     19576173                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      19576173                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       106982                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       106982                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2498                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2498                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       109480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       109480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       109480                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       109480                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  11558902505                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11558902505                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    183780241                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    183780241                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  11742682746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  11742682746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  11742682746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  11742682746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     11343487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11343487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      8342166                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8342166                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        21597                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21597                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        20253                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        20253                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     19685653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19685653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     19685653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19685653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009431                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009431                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000299                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108045.302060                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108045.302060                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 73570.953163                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73570.953163                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 107258.702466                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107258.702466                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 107258.702466                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107258.702466                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       252958                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 31619.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9026                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            9026                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        65518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        65518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2240                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2240                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        67758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        67758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        67758                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        67758                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        41464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          258                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          258                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        41722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        41722                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41722                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4104079141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4104079141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     21542862                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21542862                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4125622003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4125622003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4125622003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4125622003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003655                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003655                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 98979.334869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98979.334869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 83499.465116                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83499.465116                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 98883.610637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98883.610637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 98883.610637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98883.610637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              581.416253                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1121131234                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  586                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1913193.232082                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    41.310915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   540.105338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.066203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.865553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.931757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13603916                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13603916                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13603916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       13603916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13603916                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      13603916                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      9471433                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9471433                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      9471433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9471433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      9471433                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9471433                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13603973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13603973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13603973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     13603973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13603973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     13603973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166165.491228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166165.491228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166165.491228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166165.491228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166165.491228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166165.491228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7645099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7645099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7645099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7645099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7645099                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7645099                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       177793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       177793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       177793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       177793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       177793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       177793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                92380                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              490483105                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                92636                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              5294.735362                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   111.916360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   144.083640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.437173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.562827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     35704575                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      35704575                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     19554034                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     19554034                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         9550                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9550                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         9540                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9540                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     55258609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       55258609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     55258609                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      55258609                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       326233                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       326233                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          299                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          299                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       326532                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       326532                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       326532                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       326532                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  38967105086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  38967105086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     26541491                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26541491                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  38993646577                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  38993646577                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  38993646577                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  38993646577                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     36030808                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     36030808                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     19554333                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     19554333                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         9550                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9550                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         9540                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9540                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     55585141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     55585141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     55585141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     55585141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 119445.626549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119445.626549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 88767.528428                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88767.528428                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 119417.535118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119417.535118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 119417.535118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119417.535118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20220                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total           20220                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       233943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       233943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       234152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       234152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       234152                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       234152                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        92290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        92290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        92380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        92380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        92380                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        92380                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  10090437696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10090437696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      6442325                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6442325                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  10096880021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10096880021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  10096880021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10096880021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109334.030729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109334.030729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 71581.388889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71581.388889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109297.250714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109297.250714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109297.250714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109297.250714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              515.983291                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1087090371                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2102689.305609                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    40.983291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.065678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.826896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13954834                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13954834                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13954834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       13954834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13954834                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      13954834                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10035435                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10035435                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10035435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10035435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10035435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10035435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13954887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13954887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13954887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     13954887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13954887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     13954887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 189347.830189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 189347.830189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 189347.830189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 189347.830189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 189347.830189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 189347.830189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8325022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8325022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8325022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8325022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8325022                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8325022                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 198214.809524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 198214.809524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 198214.809524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 198214.809524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 198214.809524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 198214.809524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                46742                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              179932908                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                46998                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              3828.522661                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.498198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.501802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.912102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.087898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      9610303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9610303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      8091439                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8091439                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        20814                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20814                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        19483                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19483                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     17701742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       17701742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     17701742                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      17701742                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       149771                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       149771                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          997                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          997                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       150768                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       150768                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       150768                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       150768                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  18439274089                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18439274089                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     87017712                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     87017712                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  18526291801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  18526291801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  18526291801                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  18526291801                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      9760074                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9760074                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      8092436                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8092436                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        20814                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20814                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        19483                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19483                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     17852510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17852510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     17852510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17852510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.015345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008445                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008445                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008445                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008445                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 123116.451710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123116.451710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 87279.550652                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87279.550652                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 122879.469125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122879.469125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 122879.469125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122879.469125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9790                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            9790                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       103199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       103199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          827                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          827                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       104026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       104026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       104026                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       104026                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        46572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        46572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          170                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          170                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        46742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        46742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        46742                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46742                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4820901961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4820901961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     11475523                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11475523                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4832377484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4832377484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4832377484                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4832377484                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103515.029653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103515.029653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 67503.076471                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67503.076471                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103384.054683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103384.054683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103384.054683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103384.054683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              496.414032                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1090189491                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  500                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             2180378.982000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    41.414032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.066369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     14065477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14065477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     14065477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       14065477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     14065477                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      14065477                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9994949                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9994949                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9994949                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9994949                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9994949                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9994949                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     14065533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14065533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     14065533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     14065533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     14065533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     14065533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 178481.232143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178481.232143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 178481.232143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 178481.232143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 178481.232143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 178481.232143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8056182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8056182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8056182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8056182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8056182                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8056182                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 179026.266667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179026.266667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 179026.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179026.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 179026.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179026.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                41619                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              177969883                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                41875                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              4250.027057                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.464037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.535963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.911969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.088031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     11235754                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11235754                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      8340868                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8340868                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        21687                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21687                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        20257                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20257                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     19576622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       19576622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     19576622                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      19576622                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       106776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       106776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2575                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2575                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       109351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       109351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       109351                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       109351                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  11461381982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11461381982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    185477565                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    185477565                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  11646859547                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  11646859547                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  11646859547                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  11646859547                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     11342530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11342530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      8343443                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8343443                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        21687                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21687                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        20257                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        20257                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     19685973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19685973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     19685973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19685973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000309                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000309                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107340.432138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107340.432138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 72030.122330                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72030.122330                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106508.944107                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106508.944107                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106508.944107                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106508.944107                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       444308                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets            10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 44430.800000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9006                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            9006                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        65417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        65417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2315                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2315                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        67732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        67732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        67732                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        67732                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        41359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        41619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        41619                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41619                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4101009299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4101009299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     21110187                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21110187                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4122119486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4122119486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4122119486                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4122119486                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 99156.393989                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99156.393989                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 81193.026923                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81193.026923                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 99044.174199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99044.174199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 99044.174199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99044.174199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              527.835330                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1093086613                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             2066326.300567                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    37.835330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.060634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13900136                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13900136                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13900136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       13900136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13900136                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      13900136                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8589760                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8589760                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8589760                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8589760                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8589760                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8589760                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13900187                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13900187                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13900187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     13900187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13900187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     13900187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 168426.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168426.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 168426.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168426.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 168426.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168426.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6722816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6722816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6722816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6722816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6722816                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6722816                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 172379.897436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172379.897436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 172379.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172379.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 172379.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172379.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                82049                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              194787205                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                82305                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              2366.650933                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   234.381085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    21.618915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.915551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.084449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      9639612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9639612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      7986941                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7986941                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        22351                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22351                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        18635                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18635                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     17626553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       17626553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     17626553                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      17626553                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       208640                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       208640                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          916                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          916                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       209556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       209556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       209556                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       209556                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  25301375120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25301375120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     79516356                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     79516356                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  25380891476                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25380891476                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  25380891476                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25380891476                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      9848252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9848252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      7987857                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7987857                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        22351                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22351                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        18635                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18635                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     17836109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17836109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     17836109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17836109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021185                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021185                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 121268.093942                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121268.093942                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 86808.248908                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86808.248908                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 121117.464907                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121117.464907                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 121117.464907                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121117.464907                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10103                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total           10103                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       126743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       126743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          764                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          764                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       127507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       127507                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127507                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        81897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        82049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        82049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8955596598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8955596598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     10277791                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10277791                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8965874389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8965874389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8965874389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8965874389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109351.949375                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109351.949375                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 67617.046053                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67617.046053                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109274.633317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109274.633317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109274.633317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109274.633317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              527.851995                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1093089236                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             2066331.258979                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    37.851995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.060660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13902759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13902759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13902759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       13902759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13902759                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      13902759                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8911328                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8911328                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8911328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8911328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8911328                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8911328                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13902809                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13902809                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13902809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     13902809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13902809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     13902809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 178226.560000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178226.560000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 178226.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 178226.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 178226.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 178226.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7203090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7203090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7203090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7203090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7203090                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7203090                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 184694.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184694.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 184694.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184694.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 184694.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184694.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                82082                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              194794073                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                82338                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              2365.785822                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   234.379728                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    21.620272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.915546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.084454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      9642884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9642884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      7990664                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7990664                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        22217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        18642                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18642                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     17633548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       17633548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     17633548                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      17633548                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       208762                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       208762                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          930                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          930                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       209692                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       209692                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       209692                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       209692                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  25265246851                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25265246851                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     79415118                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     79415118                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  25344661969                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25344661969                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  25344661969                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25344661969                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      9851646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9851646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      7991594                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7991594                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        22217                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22217                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        18642                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18642                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     17843240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17843240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     17843240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17843240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.021191                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021191                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.011752                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011752                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.011752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 121024.165562                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121024.165562                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 85392.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85392.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 120866.136853                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120866.136853                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 120866.136853                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120866.136853                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10348                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total           10348                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       126833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       126833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          777                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          777                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       127610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       127610                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127610                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        81929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        82082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        82082                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82082                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8915322862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8915322862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     10171837                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10171837                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8925494699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8925494699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8925494699                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8925494699                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108817.669714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108817.669714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 66482.594771                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66482.594771                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108738.757572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108738.757572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108738.757572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108738.757572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              515.065137                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1087092555                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2106768.517442                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    40.065137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.064207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.825425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13957018                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13957018                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13957018                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       13957018                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13957018                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      13957018                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9818200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9818200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9818200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9818200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9818200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9818200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13957069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13957069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13957069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     13957069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13957069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     13957069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 192513.725490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 192513.725490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 192513.725490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 192513.725490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 192513.725490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 192513.725490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8077538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8077538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8077538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8077538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8077538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8077538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 197013.121951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 197013.121951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 197013.121951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 197013.121951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 197013.121951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 197013.121951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                46759                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              179942356                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                47015                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              3827.339275                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   233.499087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    22.500913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.912106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.087894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      9616228                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9616228                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      8094992                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8094992                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        20776                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20776                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        19491                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19491                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     17711220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       17711220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     17711220                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      17711220                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       149813                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       149813                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          976                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          976                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       150789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       150789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       150789                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       150789                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  18382787183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18382787183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     87374489                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     87374489                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  18470161672                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  18470161672                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  18470161672                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  18470161672                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      9766041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9766041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      8095968                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8095968                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        20776                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20776                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        19491                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19491                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     17862009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17862009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     17862009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17862009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.015340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 122704.886645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122704.886645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 89523.042008                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89523.042008                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 122490.113151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122490.113151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 122490.113151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122490.113151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9863                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            9863                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       103221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       103221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          809                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          809                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       104030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       104030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       104030                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       104030                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        46592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        46592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        46759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        46759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        46759                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46759                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4797409286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4797409286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     11737725                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11737725                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4809147011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4809147011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4809147011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4809147011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102966.373755                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102966.373755                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 70285.778443                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70285.778443                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102849.654847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102849.654847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102849.654847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102849.654847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              559.495302                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1013977561                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1801025.863233                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    34.179975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   525.315327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.054776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.841851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13945292                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13945292                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13945292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       13945292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13945292                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      13945292                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7657802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7657802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7657802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7657802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7657802                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7657802                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13945338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13945338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13945338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     13945338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13945338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     13945338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 166473.956522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166473.956522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 166473.956522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166473.956522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 166473.956522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166473.956522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6345372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6345372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6345372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6345372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6345372                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6345372                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 176260.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176260.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 176260.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176260.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 176260.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176260.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                62370                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              243208244                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                62626                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              3883.502762                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   200.082753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    55.917247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.781573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.218427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     20498006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20498006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      3947655                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3947655                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         9312                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9312                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         9259                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9259                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     24445661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       24445661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     24445661                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      24445661                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       215919                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       215919                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          419                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          419                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       216338                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       216338                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       216338                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       216338                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  24674942219                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24674942219                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     37942107                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37942107                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  24712884326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24712884326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  24712884326                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24712884326                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     20713925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20713925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      3948074                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3948074                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         9312                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9312                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         9259                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9259                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     24661999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24661999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     24661999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24661999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010424                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010424                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 114278.698118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114278.698118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 90553.954654                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90553.954654                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 114232.748412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114232.748412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 114232.748412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114232.748412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7634                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            7634                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       153634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       153634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       153968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       153968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       153968                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       153968                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        62285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        62370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        62370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   6497446021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6497446021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      5854262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5854262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   6503300283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6503300283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   6503300283                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6503300283                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104317.990222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104317.990222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 68873.670588                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68873.670588                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104269.685474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104269.685474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104269.685474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104269.685474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              518.085001                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1087093209                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             2094591.924855                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    43.085001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.069046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13957672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13957672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13957672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       13957672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13957672                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      13957672                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     13107945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13107945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     13107945                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13107945                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     13107945                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13107945                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13957727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13957727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13957727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     13957727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13957727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     13957727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 238326.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 238326.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 238326.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 238326.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 238326.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 238326.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10344192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10344192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10344192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10344192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10344192                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10344192                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 235095.272727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 235095.272727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 235095.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 235095.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 235095.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 235095.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                46722                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              179928099                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                46978                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              3830.050215                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.498455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.501545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.912103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.087897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      9609273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9609273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      8087492                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8087492                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        20993                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20993                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        19472                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19472                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     17696765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       17696765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     17696765                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      17696765                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       149340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       149340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          984                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          984                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       150324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       150324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       150324                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       150324                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  18411613264                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18411613264                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     86576617                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     86576617                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  18498189881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  18498189881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  18498189881                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  18498189881                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      9758613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9758613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      8088476                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8088476                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        20993                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20993                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        19472                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19472                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     17847089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17847089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     17847089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17847089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 123286.549243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123286.549243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 87984.366870                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87984.366870                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 123055.466067                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123055.466067                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 123055.466067                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123055.466067                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9787                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            9787                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       102786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       102786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          816                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          816                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       103602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       103602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       103602                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       103602                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        46554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        46554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        46722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        46722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        46722                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46722                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4819201725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4819201725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     11495453                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11495453                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4830697178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4830697178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4830697178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4830697178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103518.531705                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103518.531705                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 68425.315476                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68425.315476                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103392.345747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103392.345747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103392.345747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103392.345747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              559.911257                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1013976849                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1801024.598579                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    34.805710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   525.105546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.055778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.841515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13944580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13944580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13944580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       13944580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13944580                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      13944580                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7409383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7409383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7409383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7409383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7409383                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7409383                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13944625                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13944625                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13944625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     13944625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13944625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     13944625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 164652.955556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164652.955556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 164652.955556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164652.955556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 164652.955556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164652.955556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6177975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6177975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6177975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6177975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6177975                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6177975                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 171610.416667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171610.416667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 171610.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171610.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 171610.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171610.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                62451                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              243209993                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                62707                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              3878.514249                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   199.823529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    56.176471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.780561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.219439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     20499702                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20499702                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      3947693                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3947693                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         9324                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9324                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         9262                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9262                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     24447395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       24447395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     24447395                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      24447395                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       215983                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       215983                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          395                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          395                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       216378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       216378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       216378                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       216378                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  24699482811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24699482811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     34745517                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     34745517                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  24734228328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24734228328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  24734228328                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24734228328                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     20715685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20715685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      3948088                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3948088                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         9324                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9324                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         9262                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9262                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     24663773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24663773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     24663773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24663773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010426                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010426                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000100                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000100                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008773                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008773                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008773                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008773                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 114358.457893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114358.457893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 87963.334177                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87963.334177                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 114310.273355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114310.273355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 114310.273355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114310.273355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7659                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            7659                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       153614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       153614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          313                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          313                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       153927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       153927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       153927                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       153927                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        62369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           82                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           82                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        62451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        62451                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62451                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   6500193871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6500193871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      5488668                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5488668                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   6505682539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6505682539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   6505682539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6505682539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104221.550305                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104221.550305                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 66934.975610                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66934.975610                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104172.591936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104172.591936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104172.591936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104172.591936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              519.954871                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1087091921                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2086548.792706                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    44.954871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.072043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13956384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13956384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13956384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       13956384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13956384                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      13956384                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11474764                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11474764                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11474764                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11474764                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11474764                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11474764                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13956442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13956442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13956442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     13956442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13956442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     13956442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 197840.758621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 197840.758621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 197840.758621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 197840.758621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 197840.758621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 197840.758621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9599370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9599370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9599370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9599370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9599370                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9599370                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 208681.956522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 208681.956522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 208681.956522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 208681.956522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 208681.956522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 208681.956522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                46723                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              179928000                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                46979                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              3829.966581                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   233.498656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    22.501344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.912104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.087896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      9608458                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9608458                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      8088068                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8088068                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        21130                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21130                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        19475                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19475                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     17696526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       17696526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     17696526                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      17696526                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       149523                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       149523                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1008                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1008                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       150531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       150531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       150531                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       150531                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  18486976096                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18486976096                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     88996150                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     88996150                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  18575972246                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  18575972246                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  18575972246                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  18575972246                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      9757981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9757981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      8089076                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8089076                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        21130                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21130                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        19475                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19475                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     17847057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17847057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     17847057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17847057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.015323                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015323                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 123639.681494                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123639.681494                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 88289.831349                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88289.831349                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 123402.968465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123402.968465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 123402.968465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123402.968465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9787                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            9787                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       102971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       102971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          837                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          837                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       103808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       103808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       103808                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       103808                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        46552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        46552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        46723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        46723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        46723                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46723                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4825802816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4825802816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     11804882                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11804882                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4837607698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4837607698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4837607698                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4837607698                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103664.779515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103664.779515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 69034.397661                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69034.397661                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103538.036898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103538.036898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103538.036898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103538.036898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
