
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001326                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1326407778                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               449221487418                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 402100                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   523723                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  40373                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67758044                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 32853.92                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 13210560735                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   17206344671                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        29056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        29184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        28800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        29056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        19072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        54400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        29312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        19072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        54144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        12544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        12544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        19072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        80128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        19072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        29184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        29056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               542976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           49280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       191616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            191616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          228                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          227                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          149                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          425                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          229                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          149                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data           98                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data           98                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          149                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          626                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          149                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          228                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          227                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  4242                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1497                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1497                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     21905782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1447519                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     22002284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     21712780                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     21905782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     14378685                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2605534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     41013028                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1351017                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     22098785                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     14378685                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     40820026                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2605534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data      9457122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2605534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data      9457122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     14378685                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     60409778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     14378685                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1447519                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     22002284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     21905782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               409358275                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1447519                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2605534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1351017                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2605534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2605534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1447519                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           37152979                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         144462362                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              144462362                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         144462362                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     21905782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1447519                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     22002284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     21712780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     21905782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     14378685                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      2605534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     41013028                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1351017                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     22098785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     14378685                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     40820026                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      2605534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data      9457122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      2605534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data      9457122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     14378685                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     60409778                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     14378685                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1447519                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     22002284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     21905782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              553820637                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         221760                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196461                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19189                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       142029                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137772                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13660                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          629                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2302260                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1258770                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            221760                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       151432                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              278614                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         62860                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        89367                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          140689                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18626                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2713791                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523010                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.773352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2435177     89.73%     89.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          41221      1.52%     91.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          21642      0.80%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          40569      1.49%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          13345      0.49%     94.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          37468      1.38%     95.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           6009      0.22%     95.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          10527      0.39%     96.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         107833      3.97%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2713791                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.069718                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.395736                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        2269241                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       123203                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          277879                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          336                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        43126                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        21902                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          424                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1414370                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1769                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        43126                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        2273268                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         87144                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        24130                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          274108                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        12009                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1411449                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         1283                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         9717                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      1857023                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6405719                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6405719                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1478065                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         378931                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          204                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          109                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           25751                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       248887                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        42622                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          355                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores         9398                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1402177                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          207                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1302169                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1449                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       269698                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       573581                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2713791                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.479834                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098424                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2144157     79.01%     79.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       183490      6.76%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       185261      6.83%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       108501      4.00%     96.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58674      2.16%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15422      0.57%     99.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17515      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          410      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          361      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2713791                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2362     57.72%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead          962     23.51%     81.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          768     18.77%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1024275     78.66%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10505      0.81%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225317     17.30%     96.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        41977      3.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1302169                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.409380                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4092                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003142                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5323669                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1672103                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1266870                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1306261                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1077                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53589                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1735                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        43126                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         72076                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1298                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1402390                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          188                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248887                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42622                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          108                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          545                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11414                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8848                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        20262                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1283523                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221572                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18645                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             263526                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         194417                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            41954                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.403518                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1267430                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1266870                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          765785                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         1693982                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.398282                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.452062                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1129674                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       272776                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          198                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        18872                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2670665                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.422994                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2248011     84.17%     84.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       167358      6.27%     90.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106403      3.98%     94.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33304      1.25%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55105      2.06%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11222      0.42%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7277      0.27%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6474      0.24%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35511      1.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2670665                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1129674                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               236185                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              195298                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           173315                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts          988112                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        14525                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        35511                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            4037591                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2848075                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 52439                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                467044                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1129674                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     3.180832                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               3.180832                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.314383                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.314383                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        5954761                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1657041                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1490041                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          198                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         230339                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       188748                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24396                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        94543                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          88064                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23128                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1076                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2203874                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1316062                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            230339                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       111192                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              287899                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         70047                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       215410                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          137414                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24110                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2752411                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584649                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.924168                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2464512     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          30814      1.12%     90.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          35812      1.30%     91.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          19408      0.71%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          22056      0.80%     93.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          12894      0.47%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           8549      0.31%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          22385      0.81%     95.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         135981      4.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2752411                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.072415                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.413747                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        2184813                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       235127                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          285325                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         2288                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        44849                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        37337                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          379                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1604013                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2144                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        44849                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        2188810                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         44222                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       180474                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          283663                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        10385                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1601657                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         2423                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         4950                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents           45                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      2227984                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      7454034                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      7454034                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1869400                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         358564                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          421                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          237                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           30113                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       153170                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        82781                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2048                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        17084                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1597425                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          421                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1499840                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2132                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       218223                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       508849                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           53                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2752411                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.544919                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239098                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2120912     77.06%     77.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       253665      9.22%     86.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136746      4.97%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        94653      3.44%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82227      2.99%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        42083      1.53%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        10498      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6603      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5024      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2752411                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           428     12.49%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1505     43.92%     56.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1494     43.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1255926     83.74%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23477      1.57%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          182      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138307      9.22%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81948      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1499840                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.471524                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3427                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002285                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5757648                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1816106                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1473235                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1503267                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3740                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29380                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2535                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           92                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           25                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        44849                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         38741                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1511                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1597849                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           92                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       153170                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82781                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          237                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1064                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13391                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14252                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        27643                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1476378                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       129853                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23460                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             211757                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         205824                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            81904                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.464148                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1473324                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1473235                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          876647                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         2294418                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.463160                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382078                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1097857                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1346619                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       251245                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          368                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        24392                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2707562                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.497355                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.312293                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2156953     79.66%     79.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       255606      9.44%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       107349      3.96%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        63951      2.36%     95.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44063      1.63%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        28818      1.06%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        15342      0.57%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11772      0.43%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        23708      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2707562                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1097857                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1346619                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               204031                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              123786                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               184                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           192525                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1214187                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        27382                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        23708                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            4281718                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           3240599                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 35988                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                428424                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1097857                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1346619                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1097857                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.897313                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.897313                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.345147                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.345147                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        6658387                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       2047624                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1497051                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         221539                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196238                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19168                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       141973                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137625                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13647                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          633                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2299592                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1257766                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            221539                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       151272                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              278360                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         62785                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        82495                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           48                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          140538                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18613                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2703992                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.524369                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.775491                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2425632     89.71%     89.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          41214      1.52%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          21656      0.80%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          40534      1.50%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          13283      0.49%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          37436      1.38%     95.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           5962      0.22%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          10522      0.39%     96.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         107753      3.98%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2703992                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.069648                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.395420                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2266767                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       116182                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          277627                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          337                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        43073                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        21893                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          423                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1412932                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1764                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        43073                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2270795                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         80217                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        24040                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          273856                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        12005                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1410068                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         1279                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         9709                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1855168                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      6399081                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      6399081                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1476563                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         378582                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          201                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          106                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           25752                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       248656                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        42566                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          343                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores         9383                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1400703                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          204                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1300836                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1448                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       269341                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       572465                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2703992                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.099497                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2134994     78.96%     78.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       183062      6.77%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       185351      6.85%     92.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       108297      4.01%     96.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58607      2.17%     98.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15451      0.57%     99.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17464      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          414      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          352      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2703992                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2364     57.71%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead          964     23.54%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          768     18.75%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1023201     78.66%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10503      0.81%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225117     17.31%     96.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        41920      3.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1300836                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.408961                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4096                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003149                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5311207                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1670269                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1265604                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1304932                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1056                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53466                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1732                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        43073                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         65212                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1289                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1400913                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          190                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248656                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42566                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          106                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          533                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           23                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11378                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8866                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        20244                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1282172                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221367                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18663                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             263261                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         194244                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            41894                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.403093                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1266175                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1265604                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          765086                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1691743                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.397884                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.452247                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts       999142                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1128607                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       272370                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          197                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        18852                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2660919                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.424142                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289370                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2238814     84.14%     84.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166940      6.27%     90.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106419      4.00%     94.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33189      1.25%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55103      2.07%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11264      0.42%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7263      0.27%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6464      0.24%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35463      1.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2660919                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts       999142                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1128607                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               236024                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              195190                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           173151                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts          987167                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        14508                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        35463                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            4026420                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2845072                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 52426                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                476843                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts            999142                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1128607                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total       999142                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     3.183567                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               3.183567                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.314113                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.314113                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        5948630                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1655320                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1488886                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          196                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         223210                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       197595                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19366                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       142765                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         138378                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13805                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          642                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2315691                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1266205                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            223210                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       152183                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              280422                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         63230                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        78829                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          141534                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18803                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2718685                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.525487                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.777203                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2438263     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          41391      1.52%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          21924      0.81%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          40757      1.50%     93.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          13551      0.50%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          37624      1.38%     95.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           6030      0.22%     95.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          10541      0.39%     96.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         108604      3.99%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2718685                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.070173                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.398073                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2282779                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       112566                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          279679                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          339                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        43316                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        22186                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          427                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1423631                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1772                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        43316                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2286813                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         77813                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        22841                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          275894                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        12002                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1420739                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1276                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         9692                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1870201                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6448917                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6448917                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1489760                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         380441                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          205                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          109                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           25693                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       249572                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        43113                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          361                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores         9527                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1411393                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          207                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1311125                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1464                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       270504                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       574264                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2718685                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482264                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.100744                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2144951     78.90%     78.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       185316      6.82%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       186128      6.85%     92.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       109126      4.01%     96.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        59199      2.18%     98.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15549      0.57%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17641      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          412      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          363      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2718685                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2404     57.96%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead          968     23.34%     81.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          776     18.71%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1031942     78.71%     78.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10648      0.81%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           96      0.01%     79.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225978     17.24%     96.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        42461      3.24%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1311125                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.412195                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4148                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003164                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5346547                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1682125                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1275646                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1315273                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1068                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53511                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1740                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        43316                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         62740                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1319                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1411606                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          187                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       249572                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        43113                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          108                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          561                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           21                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11548                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8917                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        20465                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1292188                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       222208                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18937                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             264641                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         195730                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            42433                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.406242                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1276221                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1275646                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          770895                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1708528                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.401041                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.451204                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1006778                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1138086                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       273591                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          198                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        19046                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2675369                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.425394                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.290619                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2249242     84.07%     84.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       168996      6.32%     90.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       107149      4.01%     94.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33589      1.26%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55441      2.07%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11376      0.43%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7339      0.27%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6549      0.24%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35688      1.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2675369                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1006778                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1138086                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               237434                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              196061                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           174558                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts          995672                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        14706                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        35688                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            4051345                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2866704                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 52738                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                462150                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1006778                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1138086                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1006778                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     3.159420                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               3.159420                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.316514                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.316514                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        5993786                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1669234                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1498519                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          198                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                3180830                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         244721                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       200160                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        25578                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        99665                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          93941                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24842                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1175                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2348319                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1370656                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            244721                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       118783                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              284682                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         70927                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       128055                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          145240                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        25442                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2806109                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600031                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939722                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2521427     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          13239      0.47%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          20557      0.73%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          27785      0.99%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          29197      1.04%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          24807      0.88%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          13301      0.47%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          20953      0.75%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         134843      4.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2806109                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.076936                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.430911                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2324024                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       152869                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          283984                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          407                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        44819                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        40172                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1680098                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1268                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        44819                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2330825                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         19133                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       118626                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          277614                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        15087                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1678424                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         2122                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         6549                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2343046                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      7804043                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      7804043                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1998125                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         344921                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          405                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          206                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           46784                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       157953                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        84246                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          927                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        22449                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1674981                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          406                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1579776                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          335                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       204674                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       497050                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2806109                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.562977                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256455                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2136411     76.13%     76.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       276818      9.86%     86.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       139695      4.98%     90.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       104260      3.72%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        81672      2.91%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        33474      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        21229      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        11044      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1506      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2806109                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           332     11.92%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1007     36.15%     48.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1447     51.94%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1328986     84.12%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23535      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          196      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       143225      9.07%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        83834      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1579776                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.496655                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2786                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001764                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5968782                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1880075                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1554097                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1582562                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3194                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28106                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1612                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        44819                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         15490                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1566                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1675394                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            5                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       157953                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        84246                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          208                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1345                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13964                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14884                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        28848                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1556459                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       134577                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23317                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             218392                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         220533                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            83815                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.489325                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1554175                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1554097                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          892932                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2405506                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.488582                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371203                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1164622                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1433074                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       242334                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          397                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        25675                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2761290                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518987                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361763                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2171137     78.63%     78.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       293587     10.63%     89.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       109856      3.98%     93.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        52320      1.89%     95.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45623      1.65%     96.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25573      0.93%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        21545      0.78%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10004      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31645      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2761290                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1164622                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1433074                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               212481                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              129847                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               198                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           206613                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1291201                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        29507                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        31645                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            4405040                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           3395646                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 37416                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                374721                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1164622                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1433074                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1164622                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.731212                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.731212                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.366138                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.366138                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        7004002                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       2166758                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1556788                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          396                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         213476                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       192079                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13233                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       101978                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74741                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11689                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          612                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2257710                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1339512                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            213476                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches        86430                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              264336                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         42024                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       316605                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          131400                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        13091                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2867119                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548910                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.852024                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2602783     90.78%     90.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1           9313      0.32%     91.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          19150      0.67%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3           8089      0.28%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          43181      1.51%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          38883      1.36%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           7565      0.26%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          15859      0.55%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         122296      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2867119                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.067113                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.421120                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2235257                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       339538                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          263154                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          917                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        28244                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        19002                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          225                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1570312                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1365                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        28244                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2238733                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        295358                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        33845                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          260878                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        10052                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1568070                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         4652                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         3613                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents          130                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1849524                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      7380112                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      7380112                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1600510                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         248982                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          196                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          106                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           26098                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       366496                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       184147                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1837                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores         9081                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1562652                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          199                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1490355                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1203                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       143667                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       349198                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2867119                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.519809                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.308188                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2329944     81.26%     81.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       165275      5.76%     87.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       132670      4.63%     91.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        57595      2.01%     93.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        71205      2.48%     96.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        67225      2.34%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        38237      1.33%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3156      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1812      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2867119                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3725     11.34%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28290     86.13%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          830      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       939163     63.02%     63.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12995      0.87%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       354832     23.81%     87.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       183277     12.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1490355                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.468542                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32845                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022038                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5881876                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1706582                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1475593                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1523200                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2669                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18450                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2106                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          131                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        28244                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        287878                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2733                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1562859                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           40                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       366496                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       184147                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          109                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1662                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            9                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7031                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8069                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        15100                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1478511                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       353467                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11843                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             536697                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         193595                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           183230                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.464819                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1475706                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1475593                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          798561                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1581392                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.463901                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.504973                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1187638                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1395879                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       167057                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          181                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        13284                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2838875                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.491701                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.307725                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2329345     82.05%     82.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       188280      6.63%     88.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        87864      3.10%     91.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        85448      3.01%     94.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        23534      0.83%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        97772      3.44%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7529      0.27%     99.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5467      0.19%     99.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        13636      0.48%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2838875                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      1187638                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1395879                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               530079                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              348041                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars                90                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           184428                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1241290                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        13574                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        13636                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            4388162                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           3154151                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 50097                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                313716                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           1187638                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1395879                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      1187638                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.678287                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.678287                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.373373                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.373373                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        7299985                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1719326                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1859888                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          180                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         230404                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       188939                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24334                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        94502                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          88095                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23069                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1060                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2194321                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1313655                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            230404                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       111164                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              287403                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         70290                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       209697                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          136809                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24011                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2736968                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586961                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.927568                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2449565     89.50%     89.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          30666      1.12%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          35844      1.31%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          19346      0.71%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          22056      0.81%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          12895      0.47%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           8558      0.31%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          22250      0.81%     95.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         135788      4.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2736968                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.072435                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.412991                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2175595                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       229105                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          284751                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         2340                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        45168                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        37246                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          379                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1601175                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2119                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        45168                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2179625                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         60932                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       157664                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          283100                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        10471                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1598806                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         2450                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         4968                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents           45                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      2222924                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      7439651                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      7439651                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1860942                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         361982                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          405                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          223                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           30296                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       153435                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        82342                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1941                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        17048                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1594477                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          405                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1494307                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2329                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       221432                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       521773                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           41                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2736968                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.545972                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.240517                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2108155     77.03%     77.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       252524      9.23%     86.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136086      4.97%     91.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        94038      3.44%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        81958      2.99%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        42136      1.54%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        10490      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6603      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4978      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2736968                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           424     12.45%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1501     44.07%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1481     43.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1251218     83.73%     83.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23344      1.56%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          182      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138040      9.24%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81523      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1494307                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.469785                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3406                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002279                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5731317                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1816349                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1467581                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1497713                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3615                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30201                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2468                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           91                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           25                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        45168                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         55296                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1679                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1594886                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          100                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       153435                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82342                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          223                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1214                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13400                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14171                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        27571                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1470920                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       129471                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23387                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             210959                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         205093                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            81488                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.462432                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1467674                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1467581                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          872926                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         2285852                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.461382                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.381882                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1092843                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1340533                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       254413                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          364                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        24317                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2691800                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.498006                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.313255                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2143767     79.64%     79.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       254399      9.45%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106898      3.97%     93.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        63541      2.36%     95.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43932      1.63%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        28612      1.06%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        15226      0.57%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11829      0.44%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        23596      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2691800                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      1092843                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1340533                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               203108                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              123234                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               182                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           191704                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1208653                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        27256                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        23596                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            4263150                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           3235065                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 35835                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                443867                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           1092843                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1340533                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      1092843                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.910606                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.910606                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.343571                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.343571                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        6633019                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       2039218                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1493754                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          364                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         244695                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       200137                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        25574                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        99658                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          93934                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24839                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1175                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2348073                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1370494                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            244695                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       118773                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              284649                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         70918                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       131451                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          145224                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        25439                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2809221                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599295                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938644                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2524572     89.87%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          13237      0.47%     90.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          20556      0.73%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          27782      0.99%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          29192      1.04%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          24804      0.88%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          13301      0.47%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          20952      0.75%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         134825      4.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2809221                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.076928                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.430860                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2323782                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       156262                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          283950                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          407                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        44814                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        40169                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1679891                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1268                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        44814                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2330582                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         19399                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       121753                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          277581                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        15087                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1678221                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         2123                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         6549                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2342748                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      7803088                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      7803088                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1997867                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         344871                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          405                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          206                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           46780                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       157937                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        84235                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          928                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        22441                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1674771                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          406                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1579556                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          338                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       204649                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       497046                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2809221                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.562275                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.255809                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2139596     76.16%     76.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       276798      9.85%     86.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       139691      4.97%     90.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       104234      3.71%     94.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        81659      2.91%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        33469      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        21229      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        11041      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1504      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2809221                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           334     11.98%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1006     36.10%     48.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1447     51.92%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1328814     84.13%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23527      1.49%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          196      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       143198      9.07%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        83821      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1579556                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.496585                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2787                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001764                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5971457                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1879840                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1553884                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1582343                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3194                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28103                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1612                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        44814                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         15750                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1571                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1675184                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            5                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       157937                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        84235                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          208                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1350                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13963                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14881                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        28844                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1556248                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       134556                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23307                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             218359                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         220507                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            83803                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.489258                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1553961                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1553884                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          892804                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2405180                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.488514                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.371200                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1164472                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1432888                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       242300                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          397                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        25671                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2764407                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518335                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361024                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2174322     78.65%     78.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       293556     10.62%     89.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       109845      3.97%     93.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        52314      1.89%     95.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45620      1.65%     96.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25567      0.92%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        21539      0.78%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10001      0.36%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31643      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2764407                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1164472                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1432888                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               212453                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              129830                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               198                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           206590                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1291030                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        29502                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        31643                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            4407939                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           3395211                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 37410                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                371614                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1164472                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1432888                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1164472                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.731568                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.731568                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.366090                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.366090                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        7003030                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       2166460                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1556594                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          396                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         213820                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       192504                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13158                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84948                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74345                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11594                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          574                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2252733                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1340643                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            213820                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        85939                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              264278                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         41980                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       342556                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          131049                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        13003                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2888069                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.545343                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847048                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2623791     90.85%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1           9089      0.31%     91.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          19278      0.67%     91.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3           8110      0.28%     92.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          43016      1.49%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          38884      1.35%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6           7388      0.26%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          15903      0.55%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         122610      4.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2888069                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.067221                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.421475                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2230584                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       365203                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          263072                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          922                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        28279                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        18936                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          224                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1571391                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1357                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        28279                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2234303                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        332656                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        22060                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          260584                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        10178                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1569094                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           13                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         4361                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         3790                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents          112                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1851426                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      7383009                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      7383009                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1599980                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         251434                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          203                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          114                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           27084                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       366448                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       183868                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1728                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores         9062                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1563399                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          207                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1489915                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1131                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       144614                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       354226                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           25                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2888069                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.515886                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.303994                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2351487     81.42%     81.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       164655      5.70%     87.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       132197      4.58%     91.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        57942      2.01%     93.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        71800      2.49%     96.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        66847      2.31%     98.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        38213      1.32%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3097      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1831      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2888069                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3685     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28144     86.16%     97.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          836      2.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       939030     63.03%     63.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12962      0.87%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       354716     23.81%     87.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       183119     12.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1489915                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.468404                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32665                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.021924                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5901694                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1708286                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1475174                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1522580                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2637                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18469                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           67                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1876                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          131                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        28279                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        323097                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2877                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1563611                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           25                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       366448                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       183868                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          116                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1809                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           67                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6883                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8210                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        15093                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1478130                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       353402                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11784                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             536476                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         193604                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           183074                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.464699                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1475286                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1475174                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          798426                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1580894                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.463769                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.505047                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1187244                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1395412                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       168349                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          182                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        13205                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2859790                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.487942                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.303175                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2350318     82.18%     82.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       188545      6.59%     88.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        87271      3.05%     91.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        85686      3.00%     94.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        23830      0.83%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        97483      3.41%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7607      0.27%     99.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5510      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        13540      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2859790                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1187244                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1395412                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               529970                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              347978                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars                90                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           184376                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1240849                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        13563                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        13540                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            4409998                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           3155821                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 49643                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                292766                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1187244                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1395412                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1187244                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.679175                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.679175                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.373249                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.373249                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        7297423                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1719106                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1860778                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          182                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         276050                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       230032                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        26855                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       108714                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          98742                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          29355                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1260                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2398973                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1516160                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            276050                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       128097                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              315020                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         75538                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       194763                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4012                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           96                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          150466                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        25546                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2961300                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.629796                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.997425                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2646280     89.36%     89.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          19029      0.64%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          24125      0.81%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          38495      1.30%     92.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          15825      0.53%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          20732      0.70%     93.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          24010      0.81%     94.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          11200      0.38%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         161604      5.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2961300                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.086785                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.476655                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        2388839                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       210674                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          313392                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          167                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        48222                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        41652                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          215                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1852345                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1269                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        48222                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2391810                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles          7709                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       195827                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          310545                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         7182                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1839816                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents          979                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         4940                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      2570671                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      8553169                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      8553169                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      2118635                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         452031                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          438                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          227                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           26256                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       174048                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        88950                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1044                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        20054                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1794120                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          440                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1709556                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2151                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       238178                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       503353                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2961300                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577299                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301521                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2237771     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       329119     11.11%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       134872      4.55%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        76427      2.58%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       101941      3.44%     97.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        32410      1.09%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        31037      1.05%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        16408      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1315      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2961300                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         11831     78.82%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1649     10.99%     89.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1531     10.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1440611     84.27%     84.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23146      1.35%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          210      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       157109      9.19%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        88480      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1709556                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.537455                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             15011                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008781                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6397574                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2032758                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1663397                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1724567                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1342                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        36422                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1577                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        48222                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles          5849                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles          753                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1794561                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1379                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       174048                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        88950                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          228                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          653                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        15270                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        15382                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        30652                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1678971                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       154281                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        30585                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             242724                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         236792                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            88443                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.527840                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1663435                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1663397                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          996915                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         2679885                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.522944                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.371999                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1232330                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1518297                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       276281                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          425                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        26874                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2913078                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521200                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.338934                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2269878     77.92%     77.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       326277     11.20%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       118423      4.07%     93.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58722      2.02%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        53881      1.85%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22698      0.78%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        22478      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10642      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30079      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2913078                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1232330                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1518297                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               224997                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              137624                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               212                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           220056                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1366937                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        31319                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        30079                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            4677564                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           3637393                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 38302                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                219535                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1232330                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1518297                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1232330                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.581155                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.581155                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.387423                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.387423                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        7552155                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       2326977                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1711113                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          424                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         275026                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       229186                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        26761                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       108293                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          98346                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          29249                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1256                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2390166                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1510583                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            275026                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       127595                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              313847                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         75278                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       201680                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles          906                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          114                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          149925                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        25466                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2954983                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628799                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.996029                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2641136     89.38%     89.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          18966      0.64%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          24033      0.81%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          38356      1.30%     92.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          15765      0.53%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          20630      0.70%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          23916      0.81%     94.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          11163      0.38%     94.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         161018      5.45%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2954983                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.086463                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.474901                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2376971                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       217551                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          312232                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          167                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        48056                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        41492                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          215                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1845520                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1269                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        48056                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2379931                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles          7698                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       202734                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          309402                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         7157                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1833061                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents          979                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         4928                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      2561391                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      8521703                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      8521703                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      2110998                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         450384                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          437                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          227                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           26133                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       173413                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        88631                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1042                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        19982                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1787668                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          440                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1703359                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2145                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       237369                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       501743                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2954983                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576436                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300769                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2234077     75.60%     75.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       327928     11.10%     86.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       134397      4.55%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        76165      2.58%     93.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       101527      3.44%     97.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        32272      1.09%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        30958      1.05%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        16346      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1313      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2954983                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         11784     78.78%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1647     11.01%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1527     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1435396     84.27%     84.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23062      1.35%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          209      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       156531      9.19%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        88161      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1703359                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.535507                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             14958                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008781                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6378804                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2025497                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1657374                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1718317                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1340                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        36298                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1577                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        48056                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles          5845                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles          752                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1788109                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1379                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       173413                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        88631                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          228                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          652                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        15203                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        15339                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        30542                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1672891                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       153715                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        30468                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             241839                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         235903                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            88124                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.525928                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1657412                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1657374                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          993375                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         2670263                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.521050                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372014                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1227888                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1512779                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       275350                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          425                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        26780                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2906927                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520405                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.338097                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2266090     77.95%     77.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       325085     11.18%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       117959      4.06%     93.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58508      2.01%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        53689      1.85%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22622      0.78%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        22404      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10598      0.36%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        29972      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2906927                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1227888                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1512779                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               224169                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              137115                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               212                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           219229                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1361979                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        31199                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        29972                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            4665071                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           3624323                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 38175                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                225852                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1227888                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1512779                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1227888                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.590493                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.590493                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.386027                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.386027                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        7524835                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       2318689                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1704831                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          424                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         244379                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       199910                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        25576                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        99504                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          93825                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24817                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1177                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2345468                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1368815                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            244379                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       118642                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              284354                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         71005                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       120887                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          145096                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        25433                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2795844                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601516                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941964                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2511490     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          13220      0.47%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          20584      0.74%     91.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          27762      0.99%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          29199      1.04%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          24693      0.88%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          13225      0.47%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          20908      0.75%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         134763      4.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2795844                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.076829                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.430332                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2321142                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       145733                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          283652                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          410                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        44901                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        40078                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1678093                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1268                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        44901                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2327934                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         18948                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       111694                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          277299                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        15063                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1676440                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         2127                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         6531                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      2340065                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      7794997                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      7794997                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1994644                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         345421                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          405                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          206                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           46767                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       157883                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        84136                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads          921                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        22372                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1672988                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          407                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1577322                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          423                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       205292                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       499335                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2795844                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.564167                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257469                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2127086     76.08%     76.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       276533      9.89%     85.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       139420      4.99%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       104132      3.72%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        81616      2.92%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        33325      1.19%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        21194      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        11004      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1534      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2795844                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           329     11.87%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead          999     36.04%     47.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1444     52.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1326973     84.13%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23459      1.49%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          196      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       143003      9.07%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        83691      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1577322                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.495883                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2772                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001757                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5953683                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1878700                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1551563                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1580094                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3101                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28253                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           14                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1638                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        44901                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         15297                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1567                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1673402                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            5                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       157883                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        84136                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          209                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1344                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           14                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        14002                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14872                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        28874                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1553919                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       134329                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23403                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             218002                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         220136                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            83673                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.488525                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1551639                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1551563                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          891578                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         2402293                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.487785                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.371136                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1162615                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1430606                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       242811                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          397                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        25672                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2750943                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520042                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362906                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2161740     78.58%     78.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       293188     10.66%     89.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       109650      3.99%     93.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        52240      1.90%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45473      1.65%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25529      0.93%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        21557      0.78%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10009      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31557      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2750943                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1162615                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1430606                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               212128                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              129630                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               198                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           206266                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1288981                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        29459                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        31557                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            4392790                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           3391745                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 37391                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                384991                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1162615                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1430606                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1162615                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.735931                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.735931                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.365506                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.365506                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        6992605                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       2163261                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1554616                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          396                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                3179929                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         176298                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       143675                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        18689                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        72014                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          67062                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          17445                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          797                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1706358                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1042145                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            176298                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches        84507                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              213721                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         58623                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       206985                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1691                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          106558                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18601                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2168015                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584365                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.930947                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        1954294     90.14%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          11194      0.52%     90.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          17968      0.83%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          26830      1.24%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          11278      0.52%     93.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          13309      0.61%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          13809      0.64%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7           9883      0.46%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         109450      5.05%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2168015                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.055441                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.327726                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1684669                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       231093                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          211965                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1386                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        38899                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        28589                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          351                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1262615                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1337                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        38899                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1689306                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         86247                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       129601                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          208789                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        15170                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1259227                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          715                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         2957                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         7149                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1849                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1722278                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      5869507                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      5869507                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1417580                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         304626                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          322                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          191                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           41234                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       128090                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        70719                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3689                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        14023                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1255055                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          324                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1169689                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1984                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       193505                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       453314                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           62                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2168015                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.539521                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.226290                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1667929     76.93%     76.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       203803      9.40%     86.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112136      5.17%     91.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        73711      3.40%     94.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        66713      3.08%     97.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        20397      0.94%     98.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        14910      0.69%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5144      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3272      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2168015                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           302     10.57%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1237     43.31%     53.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1317     46.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       962741     82.31%     82.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21459      1.83%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          129      0.01%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       116217      9.94%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69143      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1169689                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.367835                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2856                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002442                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4512233                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1448956                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1148102                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1172545                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5582                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27512                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           75                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4929                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          903                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        38899                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         66210                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1940                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1255383                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           74                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       128090                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        70719                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          193                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1109                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           62                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           75                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10071                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11520                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        21591                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1152640                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       110158                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17049                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             179187                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         156654                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            69029                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.362474                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1148239                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1148102                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          679238                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1723008                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.361046                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.394216                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       849648                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1036209                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       219749                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          262                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        18970                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2129116                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.486685                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.332194                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1709316     80.28%     80.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       200143      9.40%     89.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        82790      3.89%     93.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        42363      1.99%     95.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        31753      1.49%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18081      0.85%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11056      0.52%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9268      0.44%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24346      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2129116                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       849648                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1036209                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               166345                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              100568                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               130                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           144181                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts          936563                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        20219                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        24346                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3360715                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2550908                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 30847                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               1011914                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            849648                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1036209                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       849648                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     3.742643                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               3.742643                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.267191                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.267191                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        5231000                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1568192                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1197179                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          262                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         245492                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       200771                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        25654                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        99982                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          94248                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24926                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1182                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2356027                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1375136                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            245492                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       119174                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              285602                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         71141                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       126038                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          145714                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        25521                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2812855                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600513                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940420                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2527253     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          13278      0.47%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          20643      0.73%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          27873      0.99%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          29278      1.04%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          24890      0.88%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          13342      0.47%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          21026      0.75%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         135272      4.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2812855                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077178                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.432319                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2331604                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       150982                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          284901                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          408                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        44954                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        40309                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1685489                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1268                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        44954                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2338428                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         20170                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       115638                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          278513                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        15147                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1683809                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         2148                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         6567                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      2350608                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      7829040                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      7829040                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      2004608                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         346000                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          408                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          208                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           46942                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       158437                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        84525                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads          931                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        22555                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1680340                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          410                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1584850                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          336                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       205260                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       498584                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2812855                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.563431                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256754                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2140859     76.11%     76.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       277887      9.88%     85.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       140165      4.98%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       104574      3.72%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        81911      2.91%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        33579      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        21299      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        11070      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1511      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2812855                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           335     11.96%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1014     36.19%     48.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1453     51.86%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1333259     84.13%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23599      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          197      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       143685      9.07%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        84110      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1584850                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.498250                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2802                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001768                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5985693                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1886024                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1559092                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1587652                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3208                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28172                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1623                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        44954                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         16488                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1575                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1680757                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            5                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       158437                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        84525                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          210                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1351                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        14008                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14931                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        28939                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1561467                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       135013                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23383                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             219104                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         221240                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            84091                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.490898                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1559172                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1559092                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          895832                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         2413082                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.490152                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371240                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1168444                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1437708                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       243063                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          401                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        25754                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2767901                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.519422                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362131                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2175728     78.61%     78.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       294664     10.65%     89.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       110200      3.98%     93.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        52487      1.90%     95.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45812      1.66%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25643      0.93%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        21591      0.78%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10034      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31742      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2767901                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1168444                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1437708                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               213167                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              130265                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               200                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           207263                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1295395                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        29599                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        31742                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            4416917                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           3406507                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 37539                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                367980                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1168444                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1437708                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1168444                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.722283                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.722283                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.367339                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.367339                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        7026594                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       2173730                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1561889                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          400                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         230357                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       188759                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24397                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        94554                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          88072                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23131                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1076                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2204047                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1316164                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            230357                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       111203                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              287921                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         70046                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       213512                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          137422                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24110                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2750708                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585060                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.924785                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2462787     89.53%     89.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          30815      1.12%     90.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          35814      1.30%     91.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          19409      0.71%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          22057      0.80%     93.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          12897      0.47%     93.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           8547      0.31%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          22391      0.81%     95.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         135991      4.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2750708                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.072420                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.413779                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        2184974                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       233241                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          285344                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         2291                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        44849                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        37342                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          379                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1604150                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         2144                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        44849                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        2188971                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         44370                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       178435                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          283685                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        10390                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1601797                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         2420                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         4958                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents           45                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      2228179                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      7454715                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      7454715                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1869635                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         358544                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          421                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          237                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           30128                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       153178                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        82794                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2051                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        17087                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1597582                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          421                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1499996                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2134                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       218219                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       508844                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           53                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2750708                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.545313                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239424                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2119136     77.04%     77.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       253686      9.22%     86.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136763      4.97%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        94672      3.44%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82243      2.99%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        42097      1.53%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        10490      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6597      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5024      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2750708                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           427     12.47%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1505     43.94%     56.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1493     43.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1256055     83.74%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23481      1.57%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          183      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138316      9.22%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81961      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1499996                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.471573                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3425                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002283                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5756259                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1816259                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1473396                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1503421                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3740                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29376                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2535                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           92                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           23                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        44849                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         38873                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1510                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1598006                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           84                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       153178                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82794                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          237                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1063                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13392                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14252                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        27644                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1476537                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       129865                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23459                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             211782                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         205848                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            81917                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.464198                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1473485                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1473396                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          876745                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         2294657                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.463210                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382081                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1098001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1346796                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       251241                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          368                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        24393                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2705859                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.497733                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.312688                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2155164     79.65%     79.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       255648      9.45%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       107366      3.97%     93.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        63963      2.36%     95.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44070      1.63%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        28823      1.07%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        15345      0.57%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11778      0.44%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        23702      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2705859                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      1098001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1346796                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               204061                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              123802                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               184                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           192550                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1214351                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        27388                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        23702                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            4280194                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           3240929                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 35988                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                430127                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           1098001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1346796                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      1098001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.896933                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.896933                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.345193                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.345193                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        6659113                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       2047837                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1497180                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         221970                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196569                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19216                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       142250                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137873                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13691                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          639                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2303852                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1259384                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            221970                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       151564                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              278929                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         62821                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        91071                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          140790                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18653                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2717336                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522620                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.772549                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2438407     89.74%     89.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          41288      1.52%     91.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          21788      0.80%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          40666      1.50%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          13299      0.49%     94.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          37558      1.38%     95.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6           5953      0.22%     95.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          10449      0.38%     96.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         107928      3.97%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2717336                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.069784                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.395929                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2270927                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       124817                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          278183                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          345                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        43058                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        21978                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          426                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1415150                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1779                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        43058                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2274946                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         88725                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        24190                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          274418                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        11993                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1412269                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         1278                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         9688                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1858402                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      6409274                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      6409274                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1480423                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         377974                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          204                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          109                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           25616                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       248723                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        42693                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          369                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores         9410                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1402986                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          207                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1303359                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1478                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       268831                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       570648                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2717336                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.479646                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098053                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2147000     79.01%     79.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       183826      6.76%     85.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       185553      6.83%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       108496      3.99%     96.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58756      2.16%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15445      0.57%     99.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17491      0.64%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          408      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          361      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2717336                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2398     58.08%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead          963     23.32%     81.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          768     18.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1025392     78.67%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10541      0.81%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225284     17.28%     96.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        42047      3.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1303359                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.409754                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4129                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003168                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5329661                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1672045                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1268125                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1307488                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1075                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53293                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1728                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        43058                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         73674                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1316                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1403199                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          188                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248723                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42693                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          108                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          553                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           23                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11440                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8834                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        20274                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1284610                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221537                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18749                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             263559                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         194646                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            42022                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.403859                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1268716                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1268125                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          766580                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1696026                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.398677                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.451986                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1001339                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1131303                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       271964                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          198                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        18897                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2674278                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.423031                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287872                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2251005     84.17%     84.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       167668      6.27%     90.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106487      3.98%     94.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33354      1.25%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55165      2.06%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11274      0.42%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7271      0.27%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6489      0.24%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35565      1.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2674278                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1001339                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1131303                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               236392                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              195427                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           173563                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts          989559                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        14555                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        35565                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            4041967                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2849631                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 52516                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                463499                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1001339                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1131303                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1001339                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     3.176582                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               3.176582                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.314804                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.314804                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        5959688                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1658800                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1490820                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          198                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          252                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.367045                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                          78427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2300                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        34.098696                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.324332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    15.469994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   119.077939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1883.494780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.007554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.058144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.919675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks             80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                  80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          419                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   420                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 253                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56184535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    195315510                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     251500045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56184535                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    195315510                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      251500045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56184535                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    195315510                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     251500045                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total               670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total              80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total                673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total               673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.353033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.377612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.351393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.375929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.351393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.375929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2160943.653846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 860420.748899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 994071.324111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2160943.653846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 860420.748899                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 994071.324111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2160943.653846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 860420.748899                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 994071.324111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                 36                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                      36                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53901735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    175380849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229282584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53901735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    175380849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    229282584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53901735                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    175380849                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    229282584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.353033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.377612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.351393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375929                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.351393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375929                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2073143.653846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 772602.859031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 906255.272727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2073143.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 772602.859031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 906255.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2073143.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 772602.859031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 906255.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          243                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.319633                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         152561                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2291                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        66.591445                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          75.011836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    14.178561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   122.346637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1835.782599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.036627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.006923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.059740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.896378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          385                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   385                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          228                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 243                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     14967612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    187493137                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     202460749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1382239                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1382239                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     14967612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    188875376                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      203842988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     14967612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    188875376                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     203842988                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total                628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total               628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.370915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.385965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.371941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.386943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.371941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.386943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 997840.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 825960.955947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 836614.665289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1382239                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1382239                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 997840.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 828400.771930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 838860.032922                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 997840.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 828400.771930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 838860.032922                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                134                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     134                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     13649914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    167560262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    181210176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1294439                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1294439                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     13649914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    168854701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    182504615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     13649914                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    168854701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    182504615                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.370915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.385965                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.371941                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.386943                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.371941                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.386943                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 909994.266667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 738150.933921                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 748802.380165                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1294439                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1294439                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 909994.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 740590.793860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 751047.798354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 909994.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 740590.793860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 751047.798354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          250                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.365847                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                          78427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2298                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        34.128372                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.324149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    15.459256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   118.895934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1883.686509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.007548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.058055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.919769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks             80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                  80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          419                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   420                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          225                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          225                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 251                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     61018494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    199943120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     260961614                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     61018494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    199943120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      260961614                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     61018494                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    199943120                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     260961614                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total               668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total              80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.351014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.375749                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.349379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.374069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.349379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.374069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2346865.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 888636.088889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1039687.705179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2346865.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 888636.088889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1039687.705179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2346865.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 888636.088889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1039687.705179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                 36                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                      36                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          225                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            251                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     58735694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    180188120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    238923814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     58735694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    180188120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    238923814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     58735694                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    180188120                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    238923814                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.351014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.349379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.374069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.349379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.374069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2259065.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 800836.088889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 951887.705179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2259065.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 800836.088889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 951887.705179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2259065.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 800836.088889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 951887.705179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          252                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.377069                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                          78428                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2300                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        34.099130                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.329134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    15.494628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   119.581887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1882.971420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.007566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.058390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.919420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks             80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                  80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          420                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   421                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          227                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 253                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     56741084                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    190567955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     247309039                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     56741084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    190567955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      247309039                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     56741084                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    190567955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     247309039                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total              80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.352484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.377049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.350850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.375371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.350850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.375371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2182349.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 839506.409692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 977506.083004                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2182349.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 839506.409692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 977506.083004                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2182349.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 839506.409692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 977506.083004                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                 36                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                      36                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     54458284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    170631715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    225089999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     54458284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    170631715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    225089999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     54458284                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    170631715                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    225089999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.352484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.377049                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.350850                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.350850                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375371                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2094549.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 751681.563877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 889683.790514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2094549.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 751681.563877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 889683.790514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2094549.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 751681.563877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 889683.790514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          174                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.544948                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         133560                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2220                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        60.162162                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.407292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    16.065944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    77.382677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1926.689035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.007845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.037785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.940766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          358                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   359                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          149                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 175                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     38935276                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    124716035                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     163651311                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     38935276                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    124716035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      163651311                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     38935276                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    124716035                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     163651311                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total                534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total               534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.295635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.329567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.327715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.327715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1497510.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 837020.369128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 935150.348571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1497510.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 837020.369128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 935150.348571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1497510.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 837020.369128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 935150.348571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                 68                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                      68                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     36651851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    111630957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    148282808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     36651851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    111630957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    148282808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     36651851                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    111630957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    148282808                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.295635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327715                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327715                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1409686.576923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 749201.053691                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 847330.331429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1409686.576923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 749201.053691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 847330.331429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1409686.576923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 749201.053691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 847330.331429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          452                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.580189                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         127565                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2500                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        51.026000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.532904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    25.516311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   212.268479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1804.262496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.012459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.103647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.880988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            156                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 156                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          482                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   483                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          424                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 451                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          425                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          425                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 452                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     57737868                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    405021708                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     462759576                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      2413640                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2413640                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     57737868                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    407435348                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      465173216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     57737868                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    407435348                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     465173216                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          156                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             156                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total                935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total               935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.469027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.483906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.468578                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.483422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.468578                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.483422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2138439.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 955239.877358                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1026074.447894                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      2413640                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      2413640                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2138439.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 958671.407059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1029144.283186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2138439.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 958671.407059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1029144.283186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                 93                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                      93                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          425                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     55367268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    367794508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    423161776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      2325840                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2325840                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     55367268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    370120348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    425487616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     55367268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    370120348                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    425487616                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.469027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483906                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.468578                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.468578                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483422                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2050639.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 867439.877358                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 938274.447894                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      2325840                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2325840                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2050639.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 870871.407059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 941344.283186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2050639.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 870871.407059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 941344.283186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          243                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.316555                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         152555                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2291                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        66.588826                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          75.029343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.814687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   121.884601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1836.587924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.036635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.006745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.059514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.896771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            209                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 209                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          381                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   381                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          229                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 243                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     16306978                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    193038959                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     209345937                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1381238                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1381238                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     16306978                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    194420197                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      210727175                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     16306978                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    194420197                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     210727175                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          209                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             209                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total                624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total               624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.374384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.388443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.375410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.389423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.375410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.389423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1164784.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 846662.100877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 865065.855372                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1381238                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1381238                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1164784.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 848996.493450                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 867190.020576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1164784.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 848996.493450                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 867190.020576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                134                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     134                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          229                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     15077737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    173013816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    188091553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1293438                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1293438                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     15077737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    174307254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    189384991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     15077737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    174307254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    189384991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.374384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.388443                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.375410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.389423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.375410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.389423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1076981.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 758832.526316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 777237.822314                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1293438                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1293438                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1076981.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 761167.048035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 779362.102881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1076981.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 761167.048035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 779362.102881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          174                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.545111                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         133560                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2220                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        60.162162                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.407555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    16.063400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    77.369492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1926.704664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.007843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.037778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.940774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          358                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   359                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          149                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 175                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     39613058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    125646346                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     165259404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     39613058                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    125646346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      165259404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     39613058                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    125646346                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     165259404                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total                534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total               534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.295635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.329567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.293886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.327715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.293886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.327715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1523579.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 843264.067114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 944339.451429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1523579.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 843264.067114                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 944339.451429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1523579.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 843264.067114                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 944339.451429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                 68                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                      68                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     37330258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    112562227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    149892485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     37330258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    112562227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    149892485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     37330258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    112562227                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    149892485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.295635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.293886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327715                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.293886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327715                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1435779.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 755451.187919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856528.485714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1435779.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 755451.187919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856528.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1435779.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 755451.187919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856528.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          449                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.603271                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         127564                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        51.086904                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.555708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    24.776128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   212.654169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1804.617266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.012098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.103835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.881161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   479                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            157                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 157                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          480                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   481                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          422                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 448                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          423                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  449                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          423                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 449                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     78005501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    416243979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     494249480                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1502609                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1502609                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     78005501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    417746588                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      495752089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     78005501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    417746588                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     495752089                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          157                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             157                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total                930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total               930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.468889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.483279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.468439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.482796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.468439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.482796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3000211.576923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 986360.139810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1103235.446429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1502609                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1502609                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3000211.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 987580.586288                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1104124.919822                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3000211.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 987580.586288                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1104124.919822                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                 94                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                      94                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          423                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            449                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     75722701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    379187367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    454910068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1414809                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1414809                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     75722701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    380602176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    456324877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     75722701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    380602176                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    456324877                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.468889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.468439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.482796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.468439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.482796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2912411.576923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 898548.263033                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1015424.258929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1414809                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1414809                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2912411.576923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 899768.737589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1016313.757238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2912411.576923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 899768.737589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1016313.757238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          125                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.258288                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         151406                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2172                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        69.708103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          40.417454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    19.041823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data    53.416551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1934.382460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.009298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.026082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.944523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          371                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   373                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data           98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data           98                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 125                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    103719739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     94501124                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     198220863                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    103719739                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     94501124                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      198220863                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    103719739                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     94501124                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     198220863                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total               495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total                498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total               498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.210300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.252525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.208955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.251004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.208955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.251004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3841471.814815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 964297.183673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1585766.904000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3841471.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 964297.183673                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1585766.904000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3841471.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 964297.183673                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1585766.904000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                 69                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                      69                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    101340139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     85852853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    187192992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    101340139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     85852853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    187192992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    101340139                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     85852853                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    187192992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.210300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.252525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.208955                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.208955                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3753338.481481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 876049.520408                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1497543.936000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3753338.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 876049.520408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1497543.936000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3753338.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 876049.520408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1497543.936000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          125                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.255452                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         151406                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2172                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        69.708103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          40.412218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    19.023835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    53.279750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1934.539649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.009289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.026016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.944599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          371                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   373                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data           98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data           98                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 125                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    111867820                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     98623992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     210491812                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    111867820                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     98623992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      210491812                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    111867820                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     98623992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     210491812                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total               495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total                498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total               498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.210300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.252525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.208955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.251004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.208955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.251004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 4143252.592593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1006367.265306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1683934.496000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 4143252.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1006367.265306                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1683934.496000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 4143252.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1006367.265306                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1683934.496000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                 69                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                      69                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    109497220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     90019592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    199516812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    109497220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     90019592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    199516812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    109497220                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     90019592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    199516812                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.210300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.252525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.208955                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.208955                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 4055452.592593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 918567.265306                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1596134.496000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 4055452.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 918567.265306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1596134.496000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 4055452.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 918567.265306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1596134.496000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          174                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.541126                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         133560                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2220                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        60.162162                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.402234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    16.085457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    77.594846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1926.458590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.007854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.037888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.940654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          358                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   359                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          149                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 175                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     42857144                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    125376307                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     168233451                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     42857144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    125376307                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      168233451                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     42857144                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    125376307                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     168233451                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total               531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total                534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total               534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.295635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.329567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.293886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.327715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.293886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.327715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1648351.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 841451.724832                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 961334.005714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1648351.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 841451.724832                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 961334.005714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1648351.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 841451.724832                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 961334.005714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                 68                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                      68                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     40574083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    112288962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    152863045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     40574083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    112288962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    152863045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     40574083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    112288962                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    152863045                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.295635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.293886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327715                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.293886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327715                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1560541.653846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 753617.194631                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873503.114286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1560541.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 753617.194631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873503.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1560541.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 753617.194631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873503.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          654                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2043.379774                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                          96472                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2696                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        35.783383                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks         126.390262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    24.052440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   265.445287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1627.491786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.061714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.011744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.129612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.794674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.997744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          394                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            456                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 456                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          396                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   397                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          561                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 587                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                66                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          627                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 653                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     70461739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    575585242                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     646046981                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     65465668                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     65465668                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     70461739                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    641050910                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      711512649                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     70461739                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    641050910                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     711512649                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          955                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total               982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          456                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             456                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              68                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               1050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              1050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.587435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.597760                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.612903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.621905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.612903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.621905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2710066.884615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1025998.648841                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1100591.109029                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 991904.060606                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 991904.060606                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2710066.884615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1022409.744817                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1089605.894334                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2710066.884615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1022409.744817                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1089605.894334                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                354                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     354                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           66                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68178538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    526413744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    594592282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     59669563                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59669563                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68178538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    586083307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    654261845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68178538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    586083307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    654261845                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.587435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.597760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.612903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.621905                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.612903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.621905                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2622251.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 938348.919786                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1012934.040886                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 904084.287879                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 904084.287879                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2622251.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 934742.116427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1001932.381317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2622251.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 934742.116427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1001932.381317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          174                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.538253                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         133565                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2220                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        60.164414                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.397974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    16.100882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    77.650794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1926.388602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.007862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.037915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.940619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    364                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          363                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   364                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          149                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 175                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     38520693                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    120296576                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     158817269                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     38520693                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    120296576                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      158817269                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     38520693                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    120296576                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     158817269                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          509                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               536                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               539                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.292731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.326493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.291016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.324675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.291016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.324675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1481565.115385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 807359.570470                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 907527.251429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1481565.115385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 807359.570470                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 907527.251429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1481565.115385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 807359.570470                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 907527.251429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                 68                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                      68                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     36237314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    107213512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    143450826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     36237314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    107213512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    143450826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     36237314                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    107213512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    143450826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.292731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.326493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.291016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.324675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.291016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.324675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1393742.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 719553.771812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 819719.005714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1393742.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 719553.771812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 819719.005714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1393742.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 719553.771812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 819719.005714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          243                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.319855                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         152561                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2291                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        66.591445                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          75.011190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    14.179559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   122.374622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1835.754484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.036627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.006924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.059753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.896364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          385                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   385                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          228                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 243                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     13976583                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    187927402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     201903985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1366068                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1366068                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     13976583                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    189293470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      203270053                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     13976583                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    189293470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     203270053                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total               627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total                628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total               628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.370915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.385965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.371941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.386943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.371941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.386943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 931772.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 827874.017621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 834313.987603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1366068                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1366068                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 931772.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 830234.517544                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 836502.275720                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 931772.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 830234.517544                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 836502.275720                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                134                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     134                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     12659583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    167989002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    180648585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1278268                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1278268                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     12659583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    169267270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    181926853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     12659583                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    169267270                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    181926853                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.370915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.385965                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.371941                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.386943                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.371941                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.386943                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 843972.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 740039.656388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 746481.756198                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1278268                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1278268                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 843972.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 742400.307018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 748670.176955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 843972.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 742400.307018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 748670.176955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          252                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.374275                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                          78427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2300                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        34.098696                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.330571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    15.457469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   119.086279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1883.499955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.007548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.058148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.919678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks             80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                  80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          419                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   420                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          227                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 253                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     54740405                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    195759179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     250499584                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     54740405                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    195759179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      250499584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     54740405                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    195759179                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     250499584                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total              80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.353033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.377612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.351393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.375929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.351393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.375929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2105400.192308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 862375.237885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 990116.932806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2105400.192308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 862375.237885                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 990116.932806                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2105400.192308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 862375.237885                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 990116.932806                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                 36                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                      36                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     52457148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    175821305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    228278453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     52457148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    175821305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    228278453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     52457148                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    175821305                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    228278453                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.353033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.377612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.351393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375929                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.351393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375929                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2017582.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 774543.193833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 902286.375494                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2017582.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 774543.193833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 902286.375494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2017582.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 774543.193833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 902286.375494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              542.471145                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750172843                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1354102.604693                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    15.738435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   526.732710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.025222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.844123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         140646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        140646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     85215869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     85215869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     85215869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     85215869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     85215869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     85215869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       140689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       140689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1981764.395349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1981764.395349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1981764.395349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1981764.395349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1981764.395349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1981764.395349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56466371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56466371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56466371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56466371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56466371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56466371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2091347.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2091347.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2091347.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2091347.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2091347.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2091347.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  646                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              171131166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  902                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             189724.130820                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   154.869560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   101.130440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.604959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.395041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       201493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40669                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40669                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       242162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         242162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       242162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        242162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2256                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2256                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1034289979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1034289979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1284387                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1284387                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1035574366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1035574366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1035574366                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1035574366                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       203734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       244418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       244418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 461530.557340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 461530.557340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 85625.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85625.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 459031.190603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 459031.190603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 459031.190603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 459031.190603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1610                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1610                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    224514119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    224514119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    224706419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    224706419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    224706419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    224706419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 349166.592535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 349166.592535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 347842.753870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 347842.753870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 347842.753870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 347842.753870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              496.177567                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              845322422                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1700849.943662                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    14.177567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.022720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       137394                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        137394                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       137394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         137394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       137394                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        137394                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     18473350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18473350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     18473350                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18473350                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     18473350                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18473350                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       137414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       137414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       137414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       137414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       137414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       137414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 923667.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 923667.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 923667.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 923667.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 923667.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 923667.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     15102298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15102298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     15102298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15102298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     15102298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15102298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1006819.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1006819.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1006819.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1006819.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1006819.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1006819.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  613                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              132973427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  869                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             153018.903337                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   175.155225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    80.844775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.684200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.315800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        95068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        79734                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        79734                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          200                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          200                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       174802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         174802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       174802                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        174802                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2090                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2090                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         2207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2207                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         2207                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    912975188                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    912975188                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     87588636                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     87588636                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1000563824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1000563824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1000563824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1000563824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        97158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        79851                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        79851                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          200                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          200                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       177009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       177009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       177009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       177009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001465                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001465                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 436830.233493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 436830.233493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 748620.820513                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 748620.820513                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 453359.231536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 453359.231536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 453359.231536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 453359.231536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       278278                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       139139                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1594                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1594                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    214644397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    214644397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1390539                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1390539                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    216034936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    216034936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    216034936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    216034936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 350726.138889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 350726.138889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1390539                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1390539                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 352422.407830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 352422.407830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 352422.407830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 352422.407830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              542.461166                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              750172692                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1354102.332130                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    15.727164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   526.734002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.025204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.844125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       140495                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140495                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       140495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         140495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       140495                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        140495                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     92178170                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92178170                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     92178170                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     92178170                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     92178170                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     92178170                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       140538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       140538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       140538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       140538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       140538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2143678.372093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2143678.372093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2143678.372093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2143678.372093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2143678.372093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2143678.372093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        91494                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        91494                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     61300349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61300349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     61300349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61300349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     61300349                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61300349                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2270383.296296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2270383.296296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2270383.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2270383.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2270383.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2270383.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  644                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              171130953                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  900                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             190145.503333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   154.975418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   101.024582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.605373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.394627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       201335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        40617                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40617                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       241952                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         241952                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       241952                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        241952                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2237                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2237                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         2252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2252                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         2252                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1035030842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1035030842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1284672                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1284672                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1036315514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1036315514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1036315514                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1036315514                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       203572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        40632                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40632                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       244204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       244204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010989                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010989                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 462687.010282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 462687.010282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 85644.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85644.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 460175.627886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 460175.627886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 460175.627886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 460175.627886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1608                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1608                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    229161738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229161738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    229354038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    229354038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    229354038                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    229354038                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002637                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002637                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002637                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002637                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 357506.611544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 357506.611544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 356139.810559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 356139.810559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 356139.810559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 356139.810559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              542.495778                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              750173688                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1354104.129964                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    15.764417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   526.731361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.025263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.844121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       141491                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        141491                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       141491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         141491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       141491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        141491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     85753653                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     85753653                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     85753653                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     85753653                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     85753653                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     85753653                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       141534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       141534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       141534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       141534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       141534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       141534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1994271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1994271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1994271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      1994271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1994271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      1994271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     57022267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57022267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     57022267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57022267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     57022267                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57022267                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2111935.814815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2111935.814815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2111935.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2111935.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2111935.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2111935.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  647                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              171132088                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  903                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             189515.047619                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   155.090652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   100.909348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.605823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.394177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       201930                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201930                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        41154                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        41154                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       243084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         243084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       243084                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        243084                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2248                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2248                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         2263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2263                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         2263                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    987506461                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    987506461                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1283754                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1283754                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    988790215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    988790215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    988790215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    988790215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       204178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       204178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        41169                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        41169                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       245347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       245347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       245347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       245347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000364                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000364                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009224                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009224                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009224                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009224                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 439282.233541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 439282.233541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 85583.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85583.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 436937.788334                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 436937.788334                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 436937.788334                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 436937.788334                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1616                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1616                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          647                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          647                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    219840798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    219840798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    220033098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    220033098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    220033098                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    220033098                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002637                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002637                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002637                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002637                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 341367.698758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341367.698758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 340082.068006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340082.068006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 340082.068006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340082.068006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              491.261702                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              844475977                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1682223.061753                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    16.261702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.026060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       145205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        145205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       145205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         145205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       145205                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        145205                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     43493550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     43493550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     43493550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     43493550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     43493550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     43493550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       145240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       145240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       145240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       145240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       145240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       145240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000241                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000241                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1242672.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1242672.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1242672.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1242672.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1242672.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1242672.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     39215787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39215787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     39215787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39215787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     39215787                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39215787                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1452436.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1452436.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1452436.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1452436.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1452436.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1452436.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  507                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              127666965                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  763                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             167322.365662                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   156.005674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    99.994326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.609397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.390603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        98621                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98621                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        82232                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        82232                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          198                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          198                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       180853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         180853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       180853                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        180853                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1603                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1603                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1617                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1617                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    563564244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    563564244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1181097                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1181097                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    564745341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    564745341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    564745341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    564745341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       100224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        82246                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        82246                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          198                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          198                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       182470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       182470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       182470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       182470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.015994                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015994                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008862                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008862                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 351568.461634                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 351568.461634                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 84364.071429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84364.071429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 349255.003711                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 349255.003711                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 349255.003711                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 349255.003711                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1110                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1110                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    149115025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    149115025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       204622                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       204622                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    149319647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    149319647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    149319647                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    149319647                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002779                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002779                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002779                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002779                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 295863.144841                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295863.144841                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 68207.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68207.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 294516.069034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 294516.069034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 294516.069034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 294516.069034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              568.512893                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              868079313                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  571                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1520279.007005                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    26.463263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   542.049630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.042409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.868669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.911078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       131355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        131355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       131355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         131355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       131355                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        131355                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     82218147                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     82218147                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     82218147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     82218147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     82218147                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     82218147                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       131400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       131400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       131400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       131400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       131400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       131400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000342                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000342                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1827069.933333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1827069.933333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1827069.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1827069.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1827069.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1827069.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     58026268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58026268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     58026268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58026268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     58026268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58026268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2072366.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2072366.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2072366.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2072366.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2072366.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2072366.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  907                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              332251225                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 1163                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             285684.630267                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   105.800883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   150.199117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.413285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.586715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       333346                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        333346                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       181841                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       181841                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       515187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         515187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       515187                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        515187                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         3267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3267                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         3267                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1644401521                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1644401521                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      5286697                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5286697                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1649688218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1649688218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1649688218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1649688218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       336605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       336605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       181849                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       181849                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       518454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       518454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       518454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       518454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 504572.421295                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 504572.421295                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 660837.125000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 660837.125000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 504955.071319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 504955.071319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 504955.071319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 504955.071319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          156                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             156                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2360                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2360                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          907                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          907                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    441144889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    441144889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      2555321                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2555321                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    443700210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    443700210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    443700210                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    443700210                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001749                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001749                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001749                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001749                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 487992.133850                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 487992.133850                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 851773.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851773.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 489195.380375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 489195.380375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 489195.380375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 489195.380375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              495.813760                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              845321815                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1704277.852823                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.813760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.022137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       136787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        136787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       136787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         136787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       136787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        136787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           22                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           22                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     18086811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18086811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     18086811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18086811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     18086811                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18086811                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       136809                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       136809                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       136809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       136809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       136809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       136809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 822127.772727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 822127.772727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 822127.772727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 822127.772727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 822127.772727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 822127.772727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     16423819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16423819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     16423819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     16423819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     16423819                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     16423819                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1173129.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1173129.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1173129.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1173129.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1173129.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1173129.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  610                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              132972909                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  866                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             153548.393764                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   174.713913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    81.286087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.682476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.317524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        94924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         94924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        79365                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        79365                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          197                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          197                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          182                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          182                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       174289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         174289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       174289                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        174289                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2203                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2203                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    913875427                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    913875427                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     97377666                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     97377666                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1011253093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1011253093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1011253093                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1011253093                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        97010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        79482                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        79482                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          197                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          197                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          182                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          182                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       176492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       176492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       176492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       176492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001472                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001472                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 438099.437680                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 438099.437680                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 832287.743590                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 832287.743590                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 459034.540626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 459034.540626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 459034.540626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 459034.540626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       274251                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 137125.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          209                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             209                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1593                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1593                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    219920299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    219920299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1389538                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1389538                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    221309837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    221309837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    221309837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    221309837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003456                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003456                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 361117.075534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 361117.075534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1389538                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1389538                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 362803.011475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 362803.011475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 362803.011475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 362803.011475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              491.259071                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              844475961                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1682223.029880                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    16.259071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.026056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       145189                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        145189                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       145189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         145189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       145189                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        145189                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     44494402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     44494402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     44494402                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     44494402                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     44494402                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     44494402                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       145224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       145224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       145224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       145224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       145224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       145224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000241                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000241                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1271268.628571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1271268.628571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1271268.628571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1271268.628571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1271268.628571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1271268.628571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     39893465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39893465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     39893465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39893465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     39893465                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39893465                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1477535.740741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1477535.740741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1477535.740741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1477535.740741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1477535.740741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1477535.740741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  507                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              127666937                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  763                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             167322.328965                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   155.970841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   100.029159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.609261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.390739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        98604                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98604                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        82221                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        82221                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          198                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          198                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       180825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         180825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       180825                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        180825                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1603                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1603                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1617                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1617                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    563378029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    563378029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1158133                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1158133                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    564536162                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    564536162                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    564536162                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    564536162                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       100207                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100207                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        82235                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        82235                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          198                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          198                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       182442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       182442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       182442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       182442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.015997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 351452.295072                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 351452.295072                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 82723.785714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82723.785714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 349125.641311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 349125.641311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 349125.641311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 349125.641311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1110                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1110                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    150058888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    150058888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    150251188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    150251188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    150251188                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    150251188                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002779                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002779                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002779                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002779                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 297735.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297735.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 296353.428008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 296353.428008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 296353.428008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 296353.428008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              567.772293                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              868078964                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  570                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1522945.550877                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    25.722776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   542.049517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.041222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.868669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.909891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       131006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        131006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       131006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         131006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       131006                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        131006                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    137641509                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    137641509                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    137641509                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    137641509                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    137641509                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    137641509                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       131049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       131049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       131049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       131049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       131049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       131049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3200965.325581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3200965.325581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3200965.325581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3200965.325581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3200965.325581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3200965.325581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     78293601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78293601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     78293601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     78293601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     78293601                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78293601                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2899763                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2899763                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2899763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2899763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2899763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2899763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  903                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              332251130                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 1159                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             286670.517688                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   105.696179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   150.303821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.412876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.587124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       333286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        333286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       181795                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       181795                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          106                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          106                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       515081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         515081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       515081                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        515081                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3293                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3293                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         3301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3301                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         3301                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1701157296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1701157296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      3543068                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3543068                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1704700364                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1704700364                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1704700364                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1704700364                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       336579                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       336579                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       181803                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       181803                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          106                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          106                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       518382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       518382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       518382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       518382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009784                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009784                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 516598.024901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 516598.024901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 442883.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442883.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 516419.377158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 516419.377158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 516419.377158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 516419.377158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          157                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             157                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2398                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2398                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    452230823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    452230823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1643174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1643174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    453873997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    453873997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    453873997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    453873997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 502478.692222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 502478.692222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 547724.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 547724.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 502629.011074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 502629.011074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 502629.011074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 502629.011074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              475.081261                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              847790995                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1751634.287190                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    20.081261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.032182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.761348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       150420                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        150420                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       150420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         150420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       150420                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        150420                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    175741029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    175741029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    175741029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    175741029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    175741029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    175741029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       150462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       150462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       150462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       150462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       150462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       150462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 4184310.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 4184310.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 4184310.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 4184310.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 4184310.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 4184310.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3828092                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 638015.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    104090932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    104090932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    104090932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    104090932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    104090932                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    104090932                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3589342.482759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3589342.482759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3589342.482759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3589342.482759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3589342.482759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3589342.482759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  469                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              123781696                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  725                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             170733.373793                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   153.583532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   102.416468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.599936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.400064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       118223                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        118223                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        86934                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        86934                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          212                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          212                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       205157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         205157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       205157                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        205157                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1198                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         1198                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    268044473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    268044473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       751045                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       751045                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    268795518                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    268795518                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    268795518                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    268795518                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       119413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        86942                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        86942                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       206355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       206355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       206355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       206355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 225247.456303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 225247.456303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93880.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93880.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 224370.215359                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 224370.215359                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 224370.215359                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 224370.215359                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          729                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          729                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    119377368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    119377368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       208401                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208401                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    119585769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    119585769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    119585769                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    119585769                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 256174.609442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 256174.609442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        69467                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69467                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 254980.317697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 254980.317697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 254980.317697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 254980.317697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              475.062541                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              847790452                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1751633.165289                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    20.062541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.032152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.761318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       149877                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        149877                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       149877                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         149877                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       149877                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        149877                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    192171783                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    192171783                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    192171783                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    192171783                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    192171783                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    192171783                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       149922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       149922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       149922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       149922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       149922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       149922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000300                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000300                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000300                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000300                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 4270484.066667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 4270484.066667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 4270484.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 4270484.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 4270484.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 4270484.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      4185603                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 697600.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    112237705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112237705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    112237705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    112237705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    112237705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    112237705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3870265.689655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3870265.689655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3870265.689655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3870265.689655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3870265.689655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3870265.689655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  469                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              123780940                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  725                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             170732.331034                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   153.411053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   102.588947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.599262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.400738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       117785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        117785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        86616                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        86616                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          212                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          212                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       204401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         204401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       204401                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        204401                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1198                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1198                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    281685638                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    281685638                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       750479                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       750479                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    282436117                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    282436117                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    282436117                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    282436117                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       118975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       118975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        86624                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        86624                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       205599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       205599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       205599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       205599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005827                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005827                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005827                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005827                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 236710.620168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 236710.620168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93809.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93809.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 235756.358097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 235756.358097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 235756.358097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 235756.358097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          729                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          729                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    123501632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123501632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       208351                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208351                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    123709983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    123709983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    123709983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    123709983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003917                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003917                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 265024.961373                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 265024.961373                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 69450.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69450.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 263773.950959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 263773.950959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 263773.950959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 263773.950959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              491.282863                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              844475828                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1682222.764940                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    16.282863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.026094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       145056                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        145056                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       145056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         145056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       145056                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        145056                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     50396266                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50396266                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     50396266                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50396266                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     50396266                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50396266                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       145096                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       145096                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       145096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       145096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       145096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       145096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1259906.650000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1259906.650000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1259906.650000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1259906.650000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1259906.650000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1259906.650000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     43146811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43146811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     43146811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43146811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     43146811                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43146811                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1598030.037037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1598030.037037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1598030.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1598030.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1598030.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1598030.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  507                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              127666727                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  763                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             167322.053735                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   156.316947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    99.683053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.610613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.389387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        98519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        82096                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        82096                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          198                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          198                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       180615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         180615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       180615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        180615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1605                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1605                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1619                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1619                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    591047541                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    591047541                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1099607                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1099607                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    592147148                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    592147148                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    592147148                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    592147148                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       100124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        82110                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        82110                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          198                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          198                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       182234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       182234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       182234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       182234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.016030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000171                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000171                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 368253.919626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 368253.919626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 78543.357143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78543.357143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 365748.701668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 365748.701668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 365748.701668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 365748.701668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1112                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1112                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    149778559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    149778559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    149970859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    149970859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    149970859                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    149970859                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002782                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002782                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002782                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002782                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 297179.680556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297179.680556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 295800.510848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295800.510848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 295800.510848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295800.510848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              515.667982                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              849066964                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1642295.868472                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    25.667982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.041135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.826391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       106516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        106516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       106516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         106516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       106516                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        106516                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     91250835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91250835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     91250835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     91250835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     91250835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     91250835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       106557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       106557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       106557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       106557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       106557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       106557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2225630.121951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2225630.121951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2225630.121951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2225630.121951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2225630.121951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2225630.121951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       715213                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       715213                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     70746656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70746656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     70746656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     70746656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     70746656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     70746656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2620246.518519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2620246.518519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2620246.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2620246.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2620246.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2620246.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 1022                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              141285454                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 1278                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             110551.998435                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   194.234630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    61.765370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.758729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.241271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        80672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        64902                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        64902                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          131                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          131                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       145574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         145574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       145574                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        145574                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          525                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          525                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         2944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         2944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1528476247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1528476247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    535614517                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    535614517                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2064090764                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2064090764                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2064090764                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2064090764                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        83091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        65427                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        65427                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          131                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          131                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       148518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       148518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       148518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       148518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.029113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008024                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008024                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.019823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.019823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 631862.855312                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 631862.855312                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1020218.127619                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1020218.127619                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 701117.786685                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 701117.786685                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 701117.786685                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 701117.786685                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          456                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             456                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          457                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          457                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1921                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1921                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    606899636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    606899636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     66141668                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66141668                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    673041304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    673041304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    673041304                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    673041304                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001039                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001039                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 635497.001047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 635497.001047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 972671.588235                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 972671.588235                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 657909.388074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 657909.388074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 657909.388074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 657909.388074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              491.299746                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              844476451                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1682224.005976                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    16.299746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.026121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       145679                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        145679                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       145679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         145679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       145679                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        145679                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     43526738                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     43526738                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     43526738                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     43526738                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     43526738                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     43526738                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       145714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       145714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       145714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       145714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       145714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       145714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000240                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000240                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000240                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1243621.085714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1243621.085714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1243621.085714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1243621.085714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1243621.085714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1243621.085714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     38801333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38801333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     38801333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38801333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     38801333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38801333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1437086.407407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1437086.407407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1437086.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1437086.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1437086.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1437086.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  512                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              127667555                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  768                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             166233.795573                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   156.294795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    99.705205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.610527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.389473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        98941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        82498                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        82498                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          201                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          201                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       181439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         181439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       181439                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        181439                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1617                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1617                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         1631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1631                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         1631                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    551630852                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    551630852                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1182537                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1182537                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    552813389                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    552813389                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    552813389                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    552813389                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       100558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        82512                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        82512                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          201                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          201                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       183070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       183070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       183070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       183070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.016080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 341144.620903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 341144.620903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 84466.928571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84466.928571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 338941.378909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 338941.378909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 338941.378909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 338941.378909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1119                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1119                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    145034158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    145034158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       205582                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       205582                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    145239740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    145239740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    145239740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    145239740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005062                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005062                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002797                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002797                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002797                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002797                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 284939.406680                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 284939.406680                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 68527.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68527.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 283671.367188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 283671.367188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 283671.367188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 283671.367188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              496.178566                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              845322431                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1700849.961771                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    14.178566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.022722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       137403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        137403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       137403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         137403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       137403                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        137403                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     17145103                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17145103                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     17145103                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     17145103                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     17145103                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     17145103                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       137422                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       137422                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       137422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       137422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       137422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       137422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000138                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 902373.842105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 902373.842105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 902373.842105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 902373.842105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 902373.842105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 902373.842105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     14101724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14101724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     14101724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14101724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     14101724                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14101724                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 940114.933333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 940114.933333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 940114.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 940114.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 940114.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 940114.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  613                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              132973452                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  869                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             153018.932106                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   175.175651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    80.824349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.684280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.315720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        95079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        79748                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        79748                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          200                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          200                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       174827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         174827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       174827                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        174827                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2090                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2090                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         2207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2207                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         2207                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    907681127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    907681127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     75917155                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75917155                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    983598282                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    983598282                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    983598282                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    983598282                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        97169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        79865                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        79865                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          200                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          200                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       177034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       177034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       177034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       177034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001465                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001465                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 434297.189952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 434297.189952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 648864.572650                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 648864.572650                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 445672.080652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 445672.080652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 445672.080652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 445672.080652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       262616                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       131308                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1594                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1594                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    215075853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    215075853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1374368                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1374368                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    216450221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    216450221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    216450221                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    216450221                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006298                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006298                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 351431.132353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 351431.132353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1374368                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1374368                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 353099.871126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 353099.871126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 353099.871126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 353099.871126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              542.458625                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              750172944                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1354102.787004                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    15.725457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   526.733168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.025201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.844124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       140747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       140747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         140747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       140747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        140747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     83912021                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     83912021                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     83912021                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     83912021                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     83912021                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     83912021                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       140790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       140790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       140790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       140790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       140790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1951442.348837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1951442.348837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1951442.348837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1951442.348837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1951442.348837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1951442.348837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     55028552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55028552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     55028552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55028552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     55028552                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55028552                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2038094.518519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2038094.518519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2038094.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2038094.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2038094.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2038094.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  646                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              171131131                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  902                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             189724.092018                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   154.793096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   101.206904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.604661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.395339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       201380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        40747                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40747                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       242127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         242127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       242127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        242127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2254                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2254                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         2269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         2269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1024026842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1024026842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1284044                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1284044                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1025310886                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1025310886                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1025310886                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1025310886                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       203634                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203634                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        40762                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40762                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       244396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       244396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000368                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 454315.369122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 454315.369122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 85602.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85602.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 451877.869546                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 451877.869546                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 451877.869546                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 451877.869546                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total              80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1623                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1623                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    224967927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    224967927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    225160227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    225160227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    225160227                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    225160227                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 349872.359253                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 349872.359253                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 348545.243034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 348545.243034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 348545.243034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 348545.243034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
