
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001082                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1082004078                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               400284145506                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 432452                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   562558                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  39690                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67612380                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 27261.67                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11789368432                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15336269227                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        24832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        16640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        27008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        19200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        19328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        18944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        76672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        45568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        44544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        45440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        26880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        44160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        19456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        77056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        26624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        16512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               597888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           49024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       224256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            224256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          194                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          130                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          211                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          151                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          148                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          599                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          356                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          348                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          355                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          210                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          345                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          152                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          602                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          208                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          129                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  4671                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1752                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1752                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2839176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     22950006                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1301289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     15378870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      3075774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     24961089                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3312372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     17744850                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3312372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     17863149                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3075774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     17508252                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1537887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     70861101                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3667269                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     42114444                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3548970                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     41168052                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3785568                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     41996145                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      3075774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     24842790                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      3903867                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     40813155                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3075774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     17981448                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1537887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     71215998                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2957475                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     24606192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1301289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     15260571                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               552574627                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2839176                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1301289                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      3075774                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3312372                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3312372                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3075774                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1537887                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3667269                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3548970                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3785568                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      3075774                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      3903867                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3075774                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1537887                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2957475                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1301289                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           45308517                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         207259847                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              207259847                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         207259847                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      2839176                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     22950006                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1301289                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     15378870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      3075774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     24961089                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      3312372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     17744850                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      3312372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     17863149                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      3075774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     17508252                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1537887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     70861101                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      3667269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     42114444                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      3548970                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     41168052                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      3785568                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     41996145                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      3075774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     24842790                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      3903867                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     40813155                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      3075774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     17981448                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1537887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     71215998                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      2957475                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     24606192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      1301289                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     15260571                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              759834474                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2594735                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         210049                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       171878                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22329                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86636                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79885                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21297                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1032                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2009475                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1198857                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            210049                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       101182                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              262179                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         64272                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        66329                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          125334                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22065                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2379550                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616935                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.972113                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2117371     88.98%     88.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          27954      1.17%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          32211      1.35%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          17711      0.74%     92.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          20100      0.84%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          11768      0.49%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           7732      0.32%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          20737      0.87%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         123966      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2379550                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.080952                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.462034                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1992522                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles        83918                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          259836                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2101                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        41169                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        34238                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          399                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1462981                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2160                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        41169                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1996087                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         15998                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        58792                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          258379                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles         9121                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1460741                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         2005                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         4462                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2031242                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6799530                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6799530                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1703093                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         328136                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          391                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          224                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           26590                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       140421                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        75480                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1949                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        15783                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1456857                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          393                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1367648                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1999                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       199914                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       468389                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           56                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2379550                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574751                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.265678                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1804046     75.81%     75.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       230787      9.70%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       124671      5.24%     90.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86250      3.62%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75232      3.16%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38631      1.62%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9353      0.39%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6072      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4508      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2379550                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           344     11.33%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1333     43.92%     55.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1358     44.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1144905     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21329      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          166      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126532      9.25%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74716      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1367648                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.527086                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3035                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002219                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5119879                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1657206                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1342891                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1370683                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3517                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27540                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           43                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2414                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        41169                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         11307                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1227                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1457257                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            4                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140421                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75480                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          225                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          869                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           43                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12164                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13038                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25202                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1345936                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118568                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21711                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             193243                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         187699                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            74675                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.518718                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1342977                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1342891                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          798734                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2092194                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.517545                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381769                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1226889                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       230375                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          337                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22277                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2338381                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524675                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343178                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1837122     78.56%     78.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       232572      9.95%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97517      4.17%     92.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58440      2.50%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40146      1.72%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26337      1.13%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13756      0.59%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10770      0.46%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21721      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2338381                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1226889                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               185944                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              112879                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           175550                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1106121                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        24959                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        21721                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3773911                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2955716                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 32849                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                215185                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1226889                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.594730                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.594730                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.385397                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.385397                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6069231                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1865756                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1363827                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2594735                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         234798                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       195695                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22987                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89781                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83988                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24789                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1056                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2032951                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1286964                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            234798                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       108777                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              267424                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         65030                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        68120                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          127894                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21896                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2410358                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.656705                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.034869                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2142934     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          16254      0.67%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          20181      0.84%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          32746      1.36%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          13440      0.56%     92.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          17888      0.74%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          20380      0.85%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7           9721      0.40%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         136814      5.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2410358                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.090490                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.495991                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        2021010                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        81452                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          266040                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          173                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        41680                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        35427                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1572419                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts          994                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        41680                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        2023536                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles          6329                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        68953                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          263648                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles         6205                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1561788                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents          837                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         4258                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      2181706                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      7257504                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      7257504                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1790100                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         391606                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          363                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          185                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           22453                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       147388                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        75354                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads          819                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        17207                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1522661                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          363                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1449413                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1734                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       206474                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       433890                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2410358                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601327                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.324345                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1797840     74.59%     74.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       278169     11.54%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114549      4.75%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64247      2.67%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        86390      3.58%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27415      1.14%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26602      1.10%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14010      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1136      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2410358                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10003     78.89%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1376     10.85%     89.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1301     10.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1221683     84.29%     84.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19618      1.35%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          178      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       132877      9.17%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75057      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1449413                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.558598                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12680                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008748                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5323598                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1729506                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1409097                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1462093                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          968                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31051                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1379                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        41680                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles          4813                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles          653                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1523026                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1066                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       147388                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75354                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          577                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12899                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13448                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        26347                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1422229                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130214                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27184                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             205251                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         200460                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            75037                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.548121                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1409112                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1409097                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          844195                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         2268387                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.543060                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.372157                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1041218                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1283167                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       239867                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          356                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        23013                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2368678                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.541723                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.360760                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1824695     77.03%     77.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       276201     11.66%     88.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       100221      4.23%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49723      2.10%     95.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45163      1.91%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19178      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19055      0.80%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9053      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25389      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2368678                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1041218                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1283167                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               190312                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              116337                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               178                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           185959                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1155345                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        26517                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        25389                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3866323                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           3087749                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 32744                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                184377                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1041218                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1283167                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1041218                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.492019                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.492019                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.401281                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.401281                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        6396450                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1971268                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1451913                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          356                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2594735                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         195508                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175773                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16992                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       132669                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         128996                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10598                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          519                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2074099                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1114012                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            195508                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       139594                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              247522                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         56714                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        32328                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          126706                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16455                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2393569                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.518508                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758048                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2146047     89.66%     89.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          38623      1.61%     91.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          18363      0.77%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          38083      1.59%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          10656      0.45%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          35588      1.49%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           5125      0.21%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7           8500      0.36%     96.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8          92584      3.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2393569                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.075348                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.429336                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2034351                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        72848                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          246866                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          261                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        39240                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        17235                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          381                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1236385                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1670                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        39240                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2039030                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         46554                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        13448                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          242835                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        12459                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1233717                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents          966                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        10682                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1608047                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      5576133                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      5576133                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1266663                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         341384                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          164                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts           91                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           24741                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       231658                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        33266                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          278                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores         7435                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1225276                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          166                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1134947                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1116                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       246428                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       519450                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2393569                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474165                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.084066                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1895781     79.20%     79.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       153260      6.40%     85.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       170562      7.13%     92.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98091      4.10%     96.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48652      2.03%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12602      0.53%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13978      0.58%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          340      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          303      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2393569                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1899     57.27%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead          801     24.16%     81.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          616     18.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       884394     77.92%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8178      0.72%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       209485     18.46%     97.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32816      2.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1134947                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.437404                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3316                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002922                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4667895                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1471889                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1103688                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1138263                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          859                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        51256                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1279                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        39240                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         27562                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1526                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1225446                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          177                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       231658                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33266                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           89                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          432                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10615                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7247                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        17862                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1119829                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       206327                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15118                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             239121                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         170603                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            32794                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.431577                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1104057                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1103688                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          670268                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1426048                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.425357                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.470018                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts       874874                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps       976710                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       248803                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          154                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        16700                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2354329                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.414857                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286261                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1994895     84.73%     84.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       138421      5.88%     90.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91550      3.89%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28135      1.20%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        49204      2.09%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8863      0.38%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5749      0.24%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4937      0.21%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32575      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2354329                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts       874874                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps       976710                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               212389                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              180402                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           150739                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts          850799                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        11348                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        32575                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3547254                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2490295                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 47858                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                201166                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts            874874                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps              976710                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total       874874                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.965839                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.965839                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.337173                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.337173                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        5216645                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1430675                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1324263                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          154                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2594734                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         213796                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       174989                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22686                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86673                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          81834                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21614                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1042                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2053376                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1196206                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            213796                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       103448                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              248279                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         62766                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        46534                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          127176                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22529                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2387987                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615340                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.962280                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2139708     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          11407      0.48%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          18017      0.75%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          24166      1.01%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          25511      1.07%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          21578      0.90%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          11480      0.48%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          18288      0.77%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         117832      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2387987                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.082396                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.461013                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2032780                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        67574                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          247681                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          358                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        39587                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        34952                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          213                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1466051                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1284                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        39587                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2038692                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         13293                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        41376                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          242150                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        12880                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1464794                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1577                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         5751                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2044668                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6810400                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6810400                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1740565                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         304103                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          352                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          180                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           40539                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       137896                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        73537                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          816                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        17927                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1462024                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          352                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1379134                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          294                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       179286                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       433667                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2387987                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577530                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269843                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1804996     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       239203     10.02%     85.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       121635      5.09%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        91948      3.85%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        71913      3.01%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28839      1.21%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18541      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9572      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1340      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2387987                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           287     11.73%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead          903     36.92%     48.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1256     51.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1160387     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20462      1.48%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          171      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       124978      9.06%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73136      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1379134                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.531513                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2446                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001774                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5148995                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1641679                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1356092                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1381580                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2632                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24711                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           18                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1500                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        39587                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         10528                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1159                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1462380                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           18                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       137896                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        73537                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          180                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          980                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           18                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12405                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13393                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        25798                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1358234                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       117372                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20900                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             190484                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         192605                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            73112                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.523458                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1356172                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1356092                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          779366                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2100494                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.522632                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371039                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1014819                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1248864                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       213525                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        22743                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2348400                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531794                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.378174                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1835392     78.15%     78.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       254561     10.84%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96120      4.09%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        45409      1.93%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38566      1.64%     96.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22475      0.96%     97.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19553      0.83%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8713      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27611      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2348400                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1014819                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1248864                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               185222                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              113185                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           180073                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1125238                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        25732                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        27611                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3783165                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2964373                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 32925                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                206747                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1014819                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1248864                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1014819                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.556844                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.556844                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.391107                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.391107                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6110549                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1890726                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1358507                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2594735                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         213742                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       174960                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22690                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86705                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          81844                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21589                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1035                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2052433                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1195903                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            213742                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       103433                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              248212                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         62820                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        46112                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          127127                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22527                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2386605                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615519                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.962525                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2138393     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          11406      0.48%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          18008      0.75%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          24157      1.01%     91.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          25529      1.07%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          21552      0.90%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          11497      0.48%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          18255      0.76%     95.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         117808      4.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2386605                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.082375                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.460896                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2031741                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        67251                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          247610                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          360                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        39636                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        34929                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          213                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1465602                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1292                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        39636                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2037668                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         13458                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        40854                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          242069                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        12911                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1464358                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         1579                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         5766                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2043984                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6808216                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6808216                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1739424                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         304560                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          353                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          181                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           40600                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       137848                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        73491                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          812                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        17903                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1461561                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          353                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1378492                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          293                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       179561                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       434384                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2386605                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577595                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269939                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1803910     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       239090     10.02%     85.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       121536      5.09%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        91906      3.85%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        71881      3.01%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28855      1.21%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18526      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9551      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1350      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2386605                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           288     11.76%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead          906     37.01%     48.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1254     51.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1159903     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20440      1.48%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          171      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       124892      9.06%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73086      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1378492                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.531265                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2448                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001776                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5146330                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1641492                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1355474                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1380940                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2632                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24734                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           18                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1508                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        39636                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         10717                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1161                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1461918                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           18                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       137848                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        73491                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          181                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          985                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           18                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12422                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13398                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        25820                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1357620                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       117318                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20872                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             190380                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         192530                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            73062                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.523221                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1355554                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1355474                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          779019                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2099586                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.522394                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371035                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1014156                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1248040                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       213887                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        22746                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2346969                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531767                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.378157                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1834282     78.16%     78.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       254404     10.84%     89.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96087      4.09%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        45395      1.93%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38493      1.64%     96.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22439      0.96%     97.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19573      0.83%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8696      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27600      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2346969                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1014156                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1248040                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               185097                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              113114                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           179956                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1124497                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        25715                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        27600                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3781283                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2963498                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 32920                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                208130                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1014156                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1248040                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1014156                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.558517                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.558517                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.390851                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.390851                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6107710                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1889787                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1358114                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2594735                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         213659                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       174873                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22704                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86682                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          81809                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21589                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1033                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2052758                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1195539                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            213659                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       103398                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              248144                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         62752                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        46285                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          127154                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22547                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2386954                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615201                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.961998                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2138810     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          11409      0.48%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          18012      0.75%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          24161      1.01%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          25481      1.07%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          21580      0.90%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          11515      0.48%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          18262      0.77%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         117724      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2386954                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.082343                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.460756                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2032161                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        67331                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          247536                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          361                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        39558                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        34931                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          211                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1465060                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1276                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        39558                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2038060                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         13167                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        41273                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          242015                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        12872                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1463782                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         1593                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         5735                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      2043396                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6805552                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6805552                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1739424                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         303954                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          352                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          180                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           40516                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       137744                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        73479                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          824                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        17900                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1460941                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          352                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1378303                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          298                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       178753                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       432458                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2386954                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577432                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269733                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1804262     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       239101     10.02%     85.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       121630      5.10%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        91872      3.85%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        71803      3.01%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28844      1.21%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18550      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9542      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1350      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2386954                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           289     11.81%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead          906     37.02%     48.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1252     51.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1159708     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20451      1.48%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          171      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       124894      9.06%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73079      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1378303                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.531192                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2447                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001775                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5146305                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1640062                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1355252                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1380750                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2646                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24630                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           18                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1496                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        39558                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         10345                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1150                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1461297                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           22                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       137744                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        73479                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          180                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          980                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           18                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12442                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13398                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        25840                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1357390                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       117294                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20913                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             190350                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         192535                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            73056                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.523132                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1355337                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1355252                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          778856                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         2098884                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.522308                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.371081                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1014156                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1248040                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       213266                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        22763                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2347396                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531670                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.378075                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1834721     78.16%     78.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       254411     10.84%     89.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96080      4.09%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        45351      1.93%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38500      1.64%     96.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22472      0.96%     97.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19574      0.83%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8684      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27603      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2347396                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      1014156                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1248040                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               185097                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              113114                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           179956                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1124497                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        25715                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        27603                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3781086                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2962184                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 32933                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                207781                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           1014156                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1248040                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      1014156                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.558517                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.558517                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.390851                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.390851                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        6106627                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1889562                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1357731                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2594735                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         201475                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164354                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21448                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82202                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76876                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20090                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          932                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1961114                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1194280                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            201475                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        96966                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              245066                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         67239                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        58141                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          122499                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21512                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2309331                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628759                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.996274                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2064265     89.39%     89.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          12887      0.56%     89.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          20672      0.90%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          31191      1.35%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          12827      0.56%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          14836      0.64%     93.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          15612      0.68%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          11279      0.49%     94.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         125762      5.45%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2309331                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077648                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.460271                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1936142                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        83780                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          243345                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1378                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        44685                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        32604                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          327                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1448196                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1078                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        44685                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1941130                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         38697                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        29423                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          239848                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        15539                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1445228                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          862                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         2635                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         7706                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1604                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1977084                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      6738690                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      6738690                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1628143                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         348936                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          308                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          159                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           44516                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       146297                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        80807                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4028                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        16408                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1440273                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          309                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1344312                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2047                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       222133                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       510741                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2309331                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582122                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.265587                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1735937     75.17%     75.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       232820     10.08%     85.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       128830      5.58%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        84171      3.64%     94.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        76934      3.33%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        23707      1.03%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17304      0.75%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5800      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3828      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2309331                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           377     11.26%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1423     42.52%     53.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1547     46.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1106992     82.35%     82.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24795      1.84%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          149      0.01%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       133104      9.90%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        79272      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1344312                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.518092                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3347                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002490                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5003349                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1662781                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1319537                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1347659                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6443                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30906                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           68                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5236                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1080                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        44685                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         27569                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1591                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1440582                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           18                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       146297                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        80807                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          159                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          815                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           36                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           68                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11734                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13292                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        25026                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1324666                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       126180                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19646                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             205282                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         179399                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            79102                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.510521                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1319646                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1319537                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          781202                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1981882                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.508544                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.394172                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       975947                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1189997                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       251918                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          300                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        21856                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2264646                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525467                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.375532                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1781982     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       230132     10.16%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95422      4.21%     93.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        48741      2.15%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36327      1.60%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20776      0.92%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12920      0.57%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10678      0.47%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27668      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2264646                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       975947                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1189997                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               190962                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              115391                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               150                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           165128                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1075988                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        23207                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        27668                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3678893                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2928528                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 35125                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                285404                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            975947                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1189997                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       975947                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.658684                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.658684                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.376126                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.376126                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        6013680                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1803111                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1371910                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          300                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2594735                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         201477                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       181547                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12486                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        94259                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          70023                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10783                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          561                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2118593                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1266010                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            201477                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches        80806                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              249240                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         39506                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        56608                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          123420                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12354                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2451161                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.606291                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938506                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2201921     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1           8609      0.35%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          18207      0.74%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3           7424      0.30%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          40633      1.66%     92.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          36682      1.50%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6           6873      0.28%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          14855      0.61%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         115957      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2451161                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077648                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.487915                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2105927                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles        69733                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          248148                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          855                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        26494                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        17702                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          226                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1482673                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1396                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        26494                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2108796                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         48574                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        13562                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          246232                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         7499                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1480505                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         2842                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         2983                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents            3                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1744161                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6966905                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6966905                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1508995                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         235166                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          180                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts           97                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           20835                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       347799                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       174714                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1583                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores         8575                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1475393                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          183                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1407727                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1004                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       135244                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       327090                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2451161                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574310                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371505                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1950527     79.58%     79.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       150161      6.13%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123368      5.03%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        52990      2.16%     92.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        67275      2.74%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        64968      2.65%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37027      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3002      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1843      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2451161                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3467     10.86%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        27613     86.52%     97.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          835      2.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       884417     62.83%     62.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12142      0.86%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       337096     23.95%     87.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       173989     12.36%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1407727                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.542532                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31915                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022671                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5299534                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1610881                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1393544                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1439642                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2559                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17202                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1948                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          124                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        26494                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         44813                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1841                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1475585                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           27                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       347799                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       174714                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           97                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1220                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           19                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6466                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7791                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        14257                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1396398                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       335799                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11329                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             509740                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         182585                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           173941                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.538166                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1393676                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1393544                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          753646                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1484585                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.537066                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.507648                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1122148                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1318123                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       157573                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          173                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        12516                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2424667                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543631                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366179                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1946364     80.27%     80.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       174758      7.21%     87.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        81865      3.38%     90.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        80955      3.34%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21712      0.90%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        94238      3.89%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7173      0.30%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5122      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12480      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2424667                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1122148                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1318123                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               503363                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              330597                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           173989                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1171928                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        12640                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        12480                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3887870                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2977900                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 48075                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                143574                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1122148                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1318123                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1122148                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.312293                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.312293                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.432471                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.432471                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6899736                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1621483                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1760411                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2594735                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         201852                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       181874                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12380                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        92378                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          70257                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10868                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          545                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2120044                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1267348                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            201852                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        81125                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              249751                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         39294                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        57150                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          123410                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12230                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2453556                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.606620                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938845                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2203805     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1           8788      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          18145      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3           7467      0.30%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          40799      1.66%     92.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          36730      1.50%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6           6873      0.28%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          14779      0.60%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         116170      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2453556                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077793                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.488431                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2107381                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        70278                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          248685                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          824                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        26384                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        17741                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          227                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1484912                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1390                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        26384                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2110261                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         48724                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        13912                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          246703                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         7568                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1482532                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         2859                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         2957                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents           84                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1746143                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6976739                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6976739                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1511903                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         234232                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          196                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          113                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           20974                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       348385                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       174843                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1596                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores         8567                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1477375                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          200                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1409230                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1230                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       136233                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       330317                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           26                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2453556                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574362                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371805                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1952595     79.58%     79.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       150250      6.12%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123211      5.02%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        53121      2.17%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        67327      2.74%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        65116      2.65%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37061      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3059      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1816      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2453556                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3551     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        27660     86.32%     97.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          834      2.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       885511     62.84%     62.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12174      0.86%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       337435     23.94%     87.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       174027     12.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1409230                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.543111                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32045                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022739                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5305291                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1613871                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1395026                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1441275                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2568                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17589                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           64                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1950                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          125                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        26384                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         44727                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1837                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1477581                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           23                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       348385                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       174843                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          113                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1231                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           14                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           64                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6455                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7701                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        14156                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1397997                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       336027                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11233                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             509994                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         182815                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           173967                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.538782                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1395179                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1395026                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          754456                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1487021                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.537637                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.507361                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1123830                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1320221                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       157436                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          174                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        12410                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2427172                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543934                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366800                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1948199     80.27%     80.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       174998      7.21%     87.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        82001      3.38%     90.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        80980      3.34%     94.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21816      0.90%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        94311      3.89%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7191      0.30%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5092      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12584      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2427172                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1123830                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1320221                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               503687                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              330794                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           174280                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1173824                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        12684                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        12584                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3892232                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2981714                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 48038                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                141179                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1123830                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1320221                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1123830                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.308832                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.308832                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.433119                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.433119                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        6907199                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1623229                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1761875                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          174                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2594735                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         201584                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       181648                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12554                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        93040                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          70093                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10776                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          552                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2119412                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1266788                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            201584                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches        80869                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              249469                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         39926                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        56468                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          123533                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12414                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2452417                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.606455                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938501                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2202948     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1           8643      0.35%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          18095      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3           7383      0.30%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          40946      1.67%     92.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          36646      1.49%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           6964      0.28%     94.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          14835      0.60%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         115957      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2452417                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.077690                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.488215                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        2106527                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        69833                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          248361                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          852                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        26840                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        17696                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          229                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1483740                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1396                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        26840                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2109486                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         48554                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        13563                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          246347                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         7623                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1481383                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         2799                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         3079                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents           29                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1744469                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6971321                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6971321                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1507117                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         237349                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          185                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          102                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           21412                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       347982                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       174748                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1610                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores         8532                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1475984                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          189                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1407526                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1009                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       136686                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       331149                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2452417                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.573934                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371276                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1951915     79.59%     79.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       150211      6.13%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123273      5.03%     90.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        52697      2.15%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        67477      2.75%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        64953      2.65%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37066      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2991      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1834      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2452417                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3473     10.88%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        27607     86.49%     97.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          841      2.63%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       884283     62.83%     62.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12149      0.86%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       337031     23.94%     87.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       173980     12.36%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1407526                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.542455                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31921                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022679                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5300399                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1612921                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1393317                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1439447                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2572                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17490                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2041                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          126                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        26840                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         44441                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1853                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1476182                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           24                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       347982                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       174748                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          102                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1224                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           23                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6514                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7804                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        14318                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1396157                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       335696                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11369                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             509621                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         182432                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           173925                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.538073                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1393452                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1393317                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          753068                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1483816                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.536979                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.507521                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1121078                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1316819                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       159430                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          174                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        12584                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2425577                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.542889                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365284                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1947820     80.30%     80.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       174439      7.19%     87.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        81745      3.37%     90.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        80975      3.34%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21718      0.90%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        94163      3.88%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7193      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5072      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12452      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2425577                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1121078                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1316819                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               503199                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              330492                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           173786                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1170775                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        12618                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        12452                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3889361                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2979348                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 48224                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                142318                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1121078                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1316819                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1121078                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.314500                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.314500                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.432059                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.432059                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        6898995                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1620647                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1761133                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          174                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2594735                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         195653                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175843                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17051                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       132817                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         129093                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10604                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          525                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2074984                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1113296                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            195653                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       139697                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              247393                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         56653                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        32739                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          126810                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16514                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2394617                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.517935                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.756677                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2147224     89.67%     89.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          38477      1.61%     91.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          18321      0.77%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          38136      1.59%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          10781      0.45%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          35658      1.49%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           5201      0.22%     95.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7           8442      0.35%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8          92377      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2394617                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.075404                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.429060                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2034902                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        73594                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          246741                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          255                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        39122                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        17296                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          379                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1235534                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1662                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        39122                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2039599                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         47327                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        13330                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          242680                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        12556                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1232858                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents          984                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        10775                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1607053                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      5571389                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      5571389                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1267084                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         339923                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          163                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts           90                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           24902                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       231442                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        33282                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          297                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores         7406                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1224474                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1134767                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1125                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       245266                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       516182                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2394617                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473882                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083505                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1896642     79.20%     79.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       153492      6.41%     85.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       170591      7.12%     92.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98232      4.10%     96.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48514      2.03%     98.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12462      0.52%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        14053      0.59%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          335      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          296      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2394617                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1913     57.52%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead          797     23.96%     81.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          616     18.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       884266     77.92%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8165      0.72%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       209447     18.46%     97.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32815      2.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1134767                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.437334                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3326                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002931                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4668602                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1469925                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1103425                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1138093                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          908                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        50926                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1295                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        39122                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         28243                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1515                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1224643                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          164                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       231442                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33282                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           88                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          408                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10709                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7319                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        18028                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1119622                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       206375                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15145                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             239167                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         170735                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            32792                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.431498                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1103817                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1103425                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          669750                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1423679                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.425255                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.470436                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       875232                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps       977068                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       247597                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          154                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        16759                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2355495                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.414804                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286475                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1996076     84.74%     84.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       138305      5.87%     90.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91646      3.89%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28065      1.19%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        49288      2.09%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8779      0.37%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5750      0.24%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4959      0.21%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32627      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2355495                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       875232                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps       977068                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               212495                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              180508                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           150802                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts          851094                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        11348                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        32627                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3547520                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2488512                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 47887                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                200118                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            875232                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps              977068                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       875232                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.964625                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.964625                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.337311                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.337311                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        5215435                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1430552                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1323550                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          154                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2594735                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         202223                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       182213                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12467                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        93558                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          70218                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10849                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          558                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2122160                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1270187                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            202223                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        81067                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              250049                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         39608                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        55689                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          123580                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12308                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2454739                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607425                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940313                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2204690     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1           8690      0.35%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          18224      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3           7451      0.30%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          40760      1.66%     92.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          36734      1.50%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           6892      0.28%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          14866      0.61%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         116432      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2454739                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077936                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.489525                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2109540                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        68809                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          248911                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          861                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        26614                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        17751                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          227                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1487423                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1396                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        26614                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2112481                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         47555                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        13594                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          246933                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         7558                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1485134                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         2771                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         3033                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents           39                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1750541                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      6988294                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      6988294                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1513600                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         236940                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          198                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          114                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           21224                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       348096                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       174935                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1643                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores         8654                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1479777                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          202                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1410986                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1061                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       136795                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       332034                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           28                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2454739                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574801                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371867                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1952895     79.56%     79.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       150676      6.14%     85.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123316      5.02%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        53276      2.17%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        67642      2.76%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        65038      2.65%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37026      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3024      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1846      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2454739                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3509     10.99%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        27596     86.39%     97.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          837      2.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       887244     62.88%     62.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12222      0.87%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       337298     23.91%     87.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       174139     12.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1410986                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.543788                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31942                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022638                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5309714                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1616834                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1396827                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1442928                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2598                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17192                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           61                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1976                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          124                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        26614                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         43481                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1899                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1479989                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           30                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       348096                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       174935                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          115                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1291                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           15                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           61                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6467                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7771                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        14238                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1399688                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       336033                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11298                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  10                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             510109                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         182989                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           174076                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.539434                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1396970                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1396827                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          755756                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1489573                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.538331                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.507364                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1124819                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1321456                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       158648                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          174                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        12496                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2428125                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544229                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366867                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1948474     80.25%     80.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       175371      7.22%     87.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        82144      3.38%     90.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        81130      3.34%     94.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21796      0.90%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        94308      3.88%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7207      0.30%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5119      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12576      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2428125                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1124819                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1321456                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               503863                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              330904                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           174470                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1174937                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        12716                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        12576                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3895640                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2986832                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 48069                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                139996                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1124819                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1321456                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1124819                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.306802                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.306802                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.433501                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.433501                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        6914780                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1626011                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1764896                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          174                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2594735                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         213552                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       174782                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22693                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86642                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          81774                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21586                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1033                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2051951                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1194928                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            213552                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       103360                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              248027                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         62738                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        46397                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          127102                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22537                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2386137                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615113                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.961862                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2138110     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          11405      0.48%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          18004      0.75%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          24151      1.01%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          25466      1.07%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          21569      0.90%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          11515      0.48%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          18257      0.77%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         117660      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2386137                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.082302                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.460520                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        2031358                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        67436                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          247427                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          356                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        39553                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        34915                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          211                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1464364                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1276                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        39553                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2037253                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         13124                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        41421                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          241913                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        12864                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1463127                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         1581                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         5742                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      2042470                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6802554                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6802554                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1738635                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         303807                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          353                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          181                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           40464                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       137713                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        73452                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          823                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        17884                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1460336                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          353                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1377707                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          297                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       178761                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       432385                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2386137                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577380                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269688                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1803702     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       238993     10.02%     85.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       121565      5.09%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        91842      3.85%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        71783      3.01%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28826      1.21%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18537      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9538      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1351      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2386137                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           288     11.78%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead          904     36.99%     48.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1252     51.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1159180     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20443      1.48%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          171      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       124864      9.06%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73049      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1377707                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.530963                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2444                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001774                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5144291                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1639467                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1354660                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1380151                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2646                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24642                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           18                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1494                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        39553                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         10358                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1143                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1460693                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           22                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       137713                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        73452                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          181                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          971                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           18                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12435                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13393                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        25828                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1356806                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       117272                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20900                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             190298                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         192441                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            73026                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.522907                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1354747                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1354660                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          778531                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2097957                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.522080                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.371090                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1013701                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1247491                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       213195                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        22752                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2346584                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531620                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.378068                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1834159     78.16%     78.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       254284     10.84%     89.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96028      4.09%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        45326      1.93%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38480      1.64%     96.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22462      0.96%     97.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19567      0.83%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8683      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27595      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2346584                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1013701                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1247491                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               185029                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              113071                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           179869                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1124014                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        25706                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        27595                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3779662                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2960950                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 32921                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                208598                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1013701                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1247491                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1013701                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.559665                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.559665                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.390676                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.390676                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6104080                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1888732                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1357076                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2594735                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         202255                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       165109                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21503                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82043                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76974                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20001                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          931                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1957769                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1196138                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            202255                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        96975                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              245301                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         67641                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        61302                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          122414                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21542                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2309733                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.629436                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.997049                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2064432     89.38%     89.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          12863      0.56%     89.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          20615      0.89%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          31007      1.34%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          13009      0.56%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          14872      0.64%     93.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          16006      0.69%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          11148      0.48%     94.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         125781      5.45%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2309733                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077948                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.460987                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1933088                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        86706                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          243392                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         1510                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        45036                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        32633                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          329                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1449673                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1079                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        45036                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        1938100                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         41719                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        29162                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          240012                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        15695                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1446344                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          648                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         3334                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         7736                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1374                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1979135                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      6741326                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      6741326                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1625156                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         353942                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          311                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          163                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           44962                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       146201                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        80589                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4052                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        15594                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1441036                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          312                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1343024                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2023                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       225394                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       517799                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2309733                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581463                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.265541                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1737417     75.22%     75.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       231978     10.04%     85.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       128421      5.56%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        84520      3.66%     94.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        76851      3.33%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        23636      1.02%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17187      0.74%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5846      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3877      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2309733                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           377     11.22%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1445     43.02%     54.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1537     45.76%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1106093     82.36%     82.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24786      1.85%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          148      0.01%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       132813      9.89%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        79184      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1343024                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.517596                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3359                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002501                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5001159                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1666803                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1318496                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1346383                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6403                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30960                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5139                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1080                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        45036                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         30408                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1662                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1441348                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           17                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       146201                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        80589                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          163                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          875                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           46                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11669                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13400                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        25069                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1323504                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125968                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19516                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             205007                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         179475                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            79039                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.510073                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1318599                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1318496                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          780675                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1980378                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.508143                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.394205                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts       974215                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1187948                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       254568                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          298                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        21911                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2264697                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524551                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.374716                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1783279     78.74%     78.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       229121     10.12%     88.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95281      4.21%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        48787      2.15%     95.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36322      1.60%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20728      0.92%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12881      0.57%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10694      0.47%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27604      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2264697                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts       974215                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1187948                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               190682                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              115232                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               149                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           164873                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1074126                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        23176                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        27604                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3679609                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2930113                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 35056                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                285002                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts            974215                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1187948                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total       974215                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.663411                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.663411                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.375458                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.375458                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        6007708                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1801581                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1373638                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          298                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2594735                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         195322                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175516                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17183                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       132667                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         128816                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10665                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          526                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2073126                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1112702                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            195322                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       139481                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              247365                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         57104                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        32152                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          126822                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16654                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2392462                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.518398                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.757636                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2145097     89.66%     89.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          38477      1.61%     91.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          18422      0.77%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          38052      1.59%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          10759      0.45%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          35607      1.49%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           5091      0.21%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7           8503      0.36%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8          92454      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2392462                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.075276                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.428831                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        2031957                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        74100                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          246693                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          268                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        39441                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        17261                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          378                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1235546                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1658                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        39441                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        2036799                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         47273                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        13594                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          242575                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        12777                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1232750                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents          971                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        11013                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1606784                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      5572864                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      5572864                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1265119                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         341645                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          163                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts           90                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           25008                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       231293                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        33335                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          329                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores         7405                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1224240                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1133863                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1139                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       246572                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       520327                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2392462                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473931                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083979                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1895079     79.21%     79.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       153515      6.42%     85.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       169997      7.11%     92.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        97898      4.09%     96.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48701      2.04%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12713      0.53%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13926      0.58%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          329      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          304      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2392462                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1904     57.59%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead          786     23.77%     81.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          616     18.63%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       883622     77.93%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8189      0.72%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       209158     18.45%     97.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32820      2.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1133863                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.436986                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3306                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002916                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4664633                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1470997                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1102420                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1137169                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          920                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        51275                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1348                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        39441                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         27488                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1570                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1224409                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          172                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       231293                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33335                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           88                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          415                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           23                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10772                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7340                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        18112                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1118461                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       205848                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15402                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             238645                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         170388                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            32797                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.431050                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1102826                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1102420                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          669300                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1425471                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.424868                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.469529                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       873570                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps       975406                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       249060                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          154                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        16892                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2353021                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.414533                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285958                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1994227     84.75%     84.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       138055      5.87%     90.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91416      3.89%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28042      1.19%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        49227      2.09%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8836      0.38%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5753      0.24%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4933      0.21%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32532      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2353021                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       873570                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps       975406                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               212000                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              180013                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           150527                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts          849707                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        11348                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        32532                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3544942                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2488421                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 47960                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                202273                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            873570                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps              975406                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       873570                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.970266                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.970266                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.336670                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.336670                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        5210133                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1429193                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1322595                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          154                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2594735                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         234544                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       195469                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23010                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89631                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83969                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24797                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1060                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2032072                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1285298                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            234544                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       108766                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              267122                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         65047                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        69259                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          127863                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21935                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2410310                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655950                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.033780                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2143188     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          16247      0.67%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          20134      0.84%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          32719      1.36%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          13436      0.56%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          17865      0.74%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          20370      0.85%     93.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7           9726      0.40%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         136625      5.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2410310                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.090392                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.495348                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2020165                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        82536                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          265769                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          163                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        41674                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        35398                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1570710                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts          994                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        41674                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2022654                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles          6225                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        70204                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          263411                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         6135                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1560289                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents          821                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         4209                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      2179584                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      7250722                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      7250722                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1788290                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         391291                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          363                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          185                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           22134                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       147348                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        75291                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          805                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        17174                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1521231                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          363                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1448082                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1733                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       206364                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       433667                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2410310                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.600787                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.323759                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1798283     74.61%     74.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       277993     11.53%     86.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114380      4.75%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64293      2.67%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        86294      3.58%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27393      1.14%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26546      1.10%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13991      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1137      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2410310                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9987     78.84%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1379     10.89%     89.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1302     10.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1220552     84.29%     84.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19577      1.35%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          178      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       132797      9.17%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74978      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1448082                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.558085                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12668                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008748                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5320875                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1727966                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1407723                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1460750                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          945                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31117                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1379                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        41674                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles          4735                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles          638                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1521596                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1051                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       147348                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75291                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          559                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12932                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13436                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        26368                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1420895                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130137                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27187                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             205095                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         200279                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            74958                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.547607                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1407738                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1407723                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          843246                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         2266107                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.542531                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372112                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1040182                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1281898                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       239705                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          356                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        23036                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2368636                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.541197                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.360160                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1825184     77.06%     77.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       275926     11.65%     88.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       100150      4.23%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49615      2.09%     95.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45150      1.91%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19182      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19039      0.80%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9037      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25353      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2368636                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1040182                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1281898                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               190143                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              116231                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               178                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           185776                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1154205                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        26492                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        25353                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3864886                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           3084882                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 32763                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                184425                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1040182                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1281898                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1040182                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.494501                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.494501                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.400882                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.400882                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        6390454                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1969404                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1450084                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          356                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           4680                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32749.873173                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           636329                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          37429                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          17.000962                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1088.280909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    23.253979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   111.419203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    10.765386                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data    62.239805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    23.697330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   116.162495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    14.747240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    71.281290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    14.738900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    72.750169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    14.588571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    71.104773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.619659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   267.868103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    24.572224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   202.047190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    23.993837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   199.097692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    25.237737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   203.076000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    22.855969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   113.987563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    25.885848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   198.141898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    14.582075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    72.730513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    12.633814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   267.730580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    22.519755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   114.819521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    10.765969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    61.689379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1655.338567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1075.108797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1966.443017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1309.401166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1319.648935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1304.241502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst                    1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          2845.289743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          2081.925226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          2111.952429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          2143.785768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1959.898138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          2162.756213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1331.102457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst                    1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          2820.405213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1987.200998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1081.489627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.033212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.003400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.001899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.003545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.002175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.002220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.002170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.008175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.006166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.006076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.006197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.003479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.006047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.002220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.008170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.003504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.001883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.050517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.032810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.060011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.039960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.040272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.039802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.inst            0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.086831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.063535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.064452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.065423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.059811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.066002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.040622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.inst            0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.086072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.060645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.033004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          495                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          488                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          244                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    5892                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             2424                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  2424                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    36                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          498                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          498                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     5928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          392                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          236                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          355                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          251                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          250                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          251                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          505                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          485                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          498                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          491                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          358                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          502                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          247                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          498                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          360                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          237                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    5928                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          193                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          151                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          356                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          348                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          355                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          345                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          152                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          208                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  4565                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           55                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 106                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          602                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   4671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          194                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          130                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          211                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          150                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          151                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          148                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          599                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          356                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          348                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          355                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          210                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          345                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          152                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          602                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          208                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          129                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  4671                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3686352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     29380293                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1666677                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     19609287                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3949167                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     31981490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4487971                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     22545534                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4505899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     22662160                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4083999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     22307179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2010356                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     82148616                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4792938                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     54647570                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4723025                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     53159378                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5187774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     54102905                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4049542                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     31741032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5119889                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     52487669                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4250973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     22877702                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2041298                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     83530693                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3861847                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     32042252                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1574676                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     19754757                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       694970900                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       131800                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      8233729                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      7466980                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      15832509                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3686352                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     29512093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1666677                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     19609287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3949167                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     31981490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4487971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     22545534                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4505899                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     22662160                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4083999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     22307179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2010356                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     90382345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4792938                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     54647570                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4723025                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     53159378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5187774                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     54102905                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4049542                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     31741032                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5119889                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     52487669                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4250973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     22877702                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2041298                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     90997673                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3861847                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     32042252                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1574676                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     19754757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        710803409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3686352                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     29512093                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1666677                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     19609287                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3949167                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     31981490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4487971                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     22545534                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4505899                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     22662160                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4083999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     22307179                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2010356                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     90382345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4792938                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     54647570                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4723025                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     53159378                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5187774                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     54102905                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4049542                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     31741032                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5119889                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     52487669                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4250973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     22877702                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2041298                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     90997673                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3861847                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     32042252                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1574676                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     19754757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       710803409                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          563                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               10457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2424                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              2424                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           55                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               142                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          847                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                10599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          847                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               10599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.331615                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.355191                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.374778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.376884                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.379397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.373737                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.518589                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.424821                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.412811                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.421115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.371681                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.408768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.383838                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.525714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.368142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.352459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.436550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.746479                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.331058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.355191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.372792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.374065                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.376559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.370927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.542572                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.423306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.411348                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.419622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.369718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.407320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.380952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.547273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.366197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.352459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.440702                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.331058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.355191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.372792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.374065                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.376559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.370927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.542572                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.423306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.411348                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.419622                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.369718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.407320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.380952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.547273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.366197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.352459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.440702                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst       153598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 152229.497409                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151516.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150840.669231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 151891.038462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151571.042654                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 160284.678571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150303.560000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 160924.964286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150080.529801                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 157076.884615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150724.182432                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154642.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151008.485294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154610.903226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 153504.410112                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 157434.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152756.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 162117.937500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152402.549296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 155751.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151147.771429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155148.151515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152138.171014                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 163498.961538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150511.197368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 157022.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151323.719203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154473.880000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 154049.288462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 143152.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 153137.651163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152238.970427                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       131800                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 149704.163636                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 149339.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 149363.292453                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst       153598                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 152124.190722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151516.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150840.669231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 151891.038462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151571.042654                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 160284.678571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150303.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 160924.964286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150080.529801                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 157076.884615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150724.182432                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154642.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150888.722871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154610.903226                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 153504.410112                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 157434.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152756.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 162117.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152402.549296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 155751.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151147.771429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155148.151515                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152138.171014                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 163498.961538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150511.197368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 157022.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151158.925249                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154473.880000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 154049.288462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 143152.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 153137.651163                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152173.712053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst       153598                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 152124.190722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151516.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150840.669231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 151891.038462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151571.042654                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 160284.678571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150303.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 160924.964286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150080.529801                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 157076.884615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150724.182432                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154642.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150888.722871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154610.903226                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 153504.410112                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 157434.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152756.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 162117.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152402.549296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 155751.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151147.771429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155148.151515                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152138.171014                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 163498.961538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150511.197368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 157022.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151158.925249                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154473.880000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 154049.288462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 143152.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 153137.651163                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152173.712053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1752                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1752                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             4565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           55                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            106                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              4671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          348                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          355                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          602                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          208                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             4671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2287208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     18141590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1027427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     12040513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2435876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     19703053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2864273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     13811511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2880439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     13868548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2572302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     13687783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1254957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     50480937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2991380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     33938520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2980041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     32921559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3327074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     33443048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2535889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     19510605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3203584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     32421520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2742341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     14030721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1282878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     51413154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2406674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     19932214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       934142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     12241043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    429312804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        73622                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      5028687                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      4552384                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9654693                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2287208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     18215212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1027427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     12040513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2435876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     19703053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2864273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     13811511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2880439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     13868548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2572302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     13687783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1254957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     55509624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2991380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     33938520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2980041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     32921559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3327074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     33443048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2535889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     19510605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3203584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     32421520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2742341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     14030721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1282878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     55965538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2406674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     19932214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       934142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     12241043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    438967497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2287208                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     18215212                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1027427                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     12040513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2435876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     19703053                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2864273                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     13811511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2880439                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     13868548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2572302                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     13687783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1254957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     55509624                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2991380                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     33938520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2980041                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     32921559                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3327074                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     33443048                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2535889                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     19510605                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3203584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     32421520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2742341                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     14030721                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1282878                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     55965538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2406674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     19932214                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       934142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     12241043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    438967497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.331615                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.355191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.374778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.376884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.379397                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.373737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.518589                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.424821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.412811                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.421115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.371681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.408768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.383838                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.525714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.368142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.352459                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.436550                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.746479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.331058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.355191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.372792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.374065                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.376559                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.370927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.542572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.423306                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.411348                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.419622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.369718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.407320                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.380952                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.547273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.366197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.352459                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.440702                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.331058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.355191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.372792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.374065                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.376559                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.370927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.542572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.423306                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.411348                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.419622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.369718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.407320                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.380952                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.547273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.366197                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.352459                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.440702                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 95300.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93997.875648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93402.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92619.330769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 93687.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93379.398104                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 102295.464286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92076.740000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 102872.821429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 91844.688742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 98934.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92485.020270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 96535.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92795.840074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 96496.129032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 95332.921348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 99334.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94602.181034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 103971.062500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94205.769014                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 97534.192308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92907.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 97078.303030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93975.420290                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 105474.653846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92307.375000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 98682.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93139.771739                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 96266.960000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 95827.951923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst        84922                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94891.806202                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94044.425849                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        73622                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91430.672727                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 91047.680000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91082.009434                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 95300.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93892.845361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93402.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92619.330769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 93687.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93379.398104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 102295.464286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92076.740000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 102872.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 91844.688742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 98934.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92485.020270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 96535.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92670.490818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 96496.129032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 95332.921348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 99334.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94602.181034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 103971.062500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94205.769014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 97534.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92907.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 97078.303030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93975.420290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 105474.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92307.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 98682.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92966.009967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 96266.960000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 95827.951923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst        84922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94891.806202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93977.199101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 95300.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93892.845361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93402.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92619.330769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 93687.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93379.398104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 102295.464286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92076.740000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 102872.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 91844.688742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 98934.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92485.020270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 96535.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92670.490818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 96496.129032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 95332.921348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 99334.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94602.181034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 103971.062500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94205.769014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 97534.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92907.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 97078.303030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93975.420290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 105474.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92307.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 98682.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92966.009967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 96266.960000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 95827.951923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst        84922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94891.806202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93977.199101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              506.215868                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750133263                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1479552.786982                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    24.215868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.038807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125301                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125301                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         125301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125301                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        125301                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4996757                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4996757                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4996757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4996757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4996757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4996757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       125334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       125334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151416.878788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151416.878788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151416.878788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151416.878788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151416.878788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151416.878788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4016908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4016908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4016908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4016908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4016908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4016908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 160676.320000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160676.320000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 160676.320000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160676.320000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 160676.320000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160676.320000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  586                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              118203389                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  842                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             140384.072447                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   183.839225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    72.160775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.718122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.281878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        86658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        72630                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72630                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       159288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         159288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       159288                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        159288                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           66                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2032                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2032                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2032                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2032                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    239794806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    239794806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      7803817                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7803817                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    247598623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    247598623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    247598623                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    247598623                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        88624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72696                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72696                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       161320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       161320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.022184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000908                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000908                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 121970.908444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121970.908444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 118239.651515                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118239.651515                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 121849.716043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121849.716043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 121849.716043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121849.716043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          201                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             201                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1446                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1446                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          586                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          586                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     57975999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57975999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       365855                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       365855                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     58341854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58341854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     58341854                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58341854                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003633                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003633                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003633                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003633                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 99615.118557                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99615.118557                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 91463.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91463.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 99559.477816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99559.477816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 99559.477816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99559.477816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              465.764746                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              753004132                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1615888.695279                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    10.764746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.017251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.746418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       127880                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127880                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       127880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         127880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       127880                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        127880                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2240408                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2240408                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2240408                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2240408                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2240408                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2240408                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       127894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       127894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       127894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       127894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       127894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160029.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160029.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160029.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160029.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160029.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160029.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1828680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1828680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1828680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1828680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1828680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1828680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 166243.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166243.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 166243.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166243.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 166243.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166243.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  366                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              109335879                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  622                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             175781.155949                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   129.736296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   126.263704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.506782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.493218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       100018                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        100018                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        73619                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73619                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       173637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         173637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       173637                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        173637                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          950                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          950                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          950                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total          950                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          950                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total          950                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    104255336                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    104255336                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    104255336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    104255336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    104255336                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    104255336                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       100968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        73619                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73619                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       174587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       174587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109742.458947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109742.458947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109742.458947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109742.458947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109742.458947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109742.458947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           76                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total              76                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          584                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          584                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     37064021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37064021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     37064021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37064021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     37064021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37064021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002096                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002096                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002096                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002096                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 101267.816940                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101267.816940                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 101267.816940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101267.816940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 101267.816940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101267.816940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              549.696212                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              646510235                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1169096.265823                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    24.581072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   525.115140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.039393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.841531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.880923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       126674                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126674                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       126674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         126674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       126674                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        126674                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5011899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5011899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5011899                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5011899                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5011899                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5011899                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       126706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       126706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       126706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       126706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       126706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000253                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 156621.843750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156621.843750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 156621.843750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156621.843750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 156621.843750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156621.843750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4389962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4389962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4389962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4389962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4389962                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4389962                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 162591.185185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162591.185185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 162591.185185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162591.185185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 162591.185185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162591.185185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  566                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              151271545                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  822                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             184028.643552                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   151.664844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   104.335156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.592441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.407559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       189962                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        189962                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       221773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         221773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       221773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        221773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1935                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1935                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1950                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1950                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1950                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1950                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    214029226                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    214029226                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1196398                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1196398                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    215225624                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    215225624                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    215225624                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    215225624                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       191897                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       191897                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       223723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       223723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       223723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       223723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010084                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010084                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008716                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008716                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 110609.419121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110609.419121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 79759.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79759.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 110372.114872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110372.114872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 110372.114872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110372.114872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           53                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              53                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1384                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1384                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          566                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          566                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     58990965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58990965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       213085                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       213085                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     59204050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59204050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     59204050                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59204050                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002934                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002934                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104779.689165                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104779.689165                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 71028.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71028.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104600.795053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104600.795053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104600.795053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104600.795053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              489.822933                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              749561085                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1487224.375000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    14.822933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.023755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       127142                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127142                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       127142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         127142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       127142                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        127142                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7051997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7051997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7051997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7051997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7051997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7051997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       127176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       127176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       127176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       127176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       127176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000267                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000267                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 207411.676471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 207411.676471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 207411.676471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 207411.676471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 207411.676471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 207411.676471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5943266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5943266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5943266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5943266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5943266                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5943266                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 204940.206897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 204940.206897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 204940.206897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 204940.206897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 204940.206897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 204940.206897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  401                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              113237887                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  657                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             172355.992390                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   139.281326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   116.718674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.544068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.455932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        86333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        71686                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71686                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       158019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         158019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       158019                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        158019                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1274                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1274                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    154534782                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    154534782                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1313646                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1313646                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    155848428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    155848428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    155848428                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    155848428                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        87591                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87591                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        71702                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71702                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       159293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       159293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.014362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000223                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.007998                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007998                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.007998                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007998                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122841.639110                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122841.639110                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 82102.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82102.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122330.006279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122330.006279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122330.006279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122330.006279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          873                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          873                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          401                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     41649615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41649615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       217551                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       217551                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     41867166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41867166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     41867166                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41867166                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104647.273869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104647.273869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        72517                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        72517                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104406.897756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104406.897756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104406.897756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104406.897756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              489.814401                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              749561038                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1487224.281746                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    14.814401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.023741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       127095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       127095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         127095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       127095                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        127095                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6400271                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6400271                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6400271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6400271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6400271                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6400271                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       127127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       127127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       127127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       127127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       127127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 200008.468750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 200008.468750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 200008.468750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 200008.468750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 200008.468750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 200008.468750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5757355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5757355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5757355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5757355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5757355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5757355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 198529.482759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 198529.482759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 198529.482759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 198529.482759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 198529.482759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 198529.482759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  401                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              113237795                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  657                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             172355.852359                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   139.212806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   116.787194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.543800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.456200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        86295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        71632                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71632                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       157927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         157927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       157927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        157927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1260                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1260                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1276                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1276                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    155460432                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    155460432                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1483722                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1483722                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    156944154                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    156944154                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    156944154                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    156944154                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        87555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        71648                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71648                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       159203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       159203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.014391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000223                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 123381.295238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123381.295238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92732.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92732.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 122996.985893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122996.985893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 122996.985893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122996.985893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total              88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          875                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          875                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          401                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     42167324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42167324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       253945                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       253945                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     42421269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42421269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     42421269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42421269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002519                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002519                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002519                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002519                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105948.050251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105948.050251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 84648.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84648.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105788.700748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105788.700748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105788.700748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105788.700748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              489.664520                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              749561063                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1493149.527888                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    14.664520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.023501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       127120                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127120                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       127120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         127120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       127120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        127120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5984743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5984743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5984743                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5984743                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5984743                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5984743                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       127154                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127154                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       127154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       127154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       127154                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       127154                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000267                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000267                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 176021.852941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176021.852941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 176021.852941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176021.852941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 176021.852941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176021.852941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4996842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4996842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4996842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4996842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4996842                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4996842                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 185068.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 185068.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 185068.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 185068.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 185068.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 185068.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  399                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              113237760                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  655                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             172882.076336                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   139.278512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   116.721488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.544057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.455943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        86260                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86260                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        71632                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71632                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       157892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         157892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       157892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        157892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    153809835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    153809835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1262142                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1262142                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    155071977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    155071977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    155071977                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    155071977                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        87515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        71648                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71648                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       159163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       159163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.014340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000223                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.007986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.007986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 122557.637450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122557.637450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 78883.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78883.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 122007.849725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122007.849725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 122007.849725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122007.849725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          872                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          872                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          399                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          399                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     41639679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41639679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     41831979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41831979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     41831979                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41831979                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002507                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002507                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002507                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002507                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105150.704545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105150.704545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104842.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104842.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104842.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104842.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              502.618958                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              753314329                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1497642.801193                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.618958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.020223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       122485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       122485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         122485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       122485                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        122485                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2382400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2382400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2382400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2382400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2382400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2382400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       122499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       122499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       122499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       122499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       122499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 170171.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170171.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 170171.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170171.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 170171.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170171.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2124517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2124517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2124517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2124517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2124517                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2124517                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163424.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163424.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163424.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163424.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163424.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163424.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 1104                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              125533744                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 1360                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             92304.223529                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   192.312844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    63.687156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.751222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.248778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        92635                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         92635                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        74763                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74763                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          154                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          154                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       167398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         167398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       167398                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        167398                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          406                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          406                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2895                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2895                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    328287301                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    328287301                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     72698850                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     72698850                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    400986151                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    400986151                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    400986151                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    400986151                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        95124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        95124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        75169                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        75169                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          154                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       170293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       170293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       170293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       170293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.026166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005401                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005401                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.017000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.017000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 131895.259542                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131895.259542                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 179061.206897                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179061.206897                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 138509.896718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 138509.896718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 138509.896718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 138509.896718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          517                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             517                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          351                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          351                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1791                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1791                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           55                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    123342035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123342035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      8761732                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8761732                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    132103767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    132103767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    132103767                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    132103767                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000732                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000732                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006483                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006483                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006483                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006483                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 117580.586273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117580.586273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 159304.218182                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159304.218182                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 119659.209239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119659.209239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 119659.209239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119659.209239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              566.931950                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              768706709                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1336881.233043                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    25.208438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   541.723512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.040398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.868147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.908545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       123377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        123377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       123377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         123377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       123377                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        123377                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6696165                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6696165                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6696165                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6696165                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6696165                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6696165                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       123420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       123420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       123420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       123420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       123420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       123420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000348                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000348                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000348                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000348                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000348                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000348                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 155724.767442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155724.767442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 155724.767442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155724.767442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 155724.767442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155724.767442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5383725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5383725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5383725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5383725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5383725                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5383725                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 168241.406250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168241.406250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 168241.406250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168241.406250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 168241.406250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168241.406250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  841                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              289307919                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 1097                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             263726.453054                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   111.406396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   144.593604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.435181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.564819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       317018                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        317018                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       172578                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       172578                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       489596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         489596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       489596                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        489596                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2969                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2969                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         2979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2979                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         2979                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    361679473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    361679473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       896327                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       896327                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    362575800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    362575800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    362575800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    362575800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       319987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       319987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       172588                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       172588                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       492575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       492575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       492575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       492575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000058                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 121818.616706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121818.616706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 89632.700000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89632.700000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 121710.574018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121710.574018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 121710.574018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121710.574018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          133                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             133                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2138                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2138                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          841                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          841                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     93651243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93651243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       230738                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       230738                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     93881981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     93881981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     93881981                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     93881981                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001707                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001707                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001707                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001707                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 111755.659905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111755.659905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 76912.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76912.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 111631.368609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111631.368609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 111631.368609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111631.368609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              566.351886                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              768706702                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  574                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1339210.282230                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    24.631256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   541.720631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.039473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.868142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.907615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       123370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        123370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       123370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         123370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       123370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        123370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7109319                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7109319                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7109319                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7109319                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7109319                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7109319                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       123410                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       123410                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       123410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       123410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       123410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       123410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 177732.975000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177732.975000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 177732.975000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 177732.975000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 177732.975000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 177732.975000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5550988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5550988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5550988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5550988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5550988                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5550988                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 179064.129032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179064.129032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 179064.129032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179064.129032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 179064.129032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179064.129032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  846                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              289308230                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 1102                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             262530.154265                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   111.623627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   144.376373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.436030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.563970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       317186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        317186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       172704                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       172704                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           87                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           87                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       489890                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         489890                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       489890                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        489890                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2978                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         2978                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2978                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         2978                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    359035213                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    359035213                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1619216                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1619216                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    360654429                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    360654429                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    360654429                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    360654429                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       320154                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       320154                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       172714                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       172714                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           87                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           87                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       492868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       492868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       492868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       492868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000058                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 120968.737534                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120968.737534                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 161921.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161921.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 121106.255541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121106.255541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 121106.255541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121106.255541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2132                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2132                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     92890109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92890109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       432708                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       432708                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     93322817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     93322817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     93322817                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     93322817                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001716                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001716                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001716                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001716                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 110189.927639                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110189.927639                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       144236                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       144236                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 110310.658392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110310.658392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 110310.658392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110310.658392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              567.596220                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              768706825                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  576                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1334560.460069                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    25.874535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   541.721685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.041466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.868144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.909609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       123493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        123493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       123493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         123493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       123493                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        123493                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7136650                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7136650                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7136650                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7136650                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7136650                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7136650                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       123533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       123533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       123533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       123533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       123533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       123533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 178416.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178416.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 178416.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 178416.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 178416.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 178416.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5998342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5998342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5998342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5998342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5998342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5998342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000267                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000267                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000267                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000267                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 181767.939394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181767.939394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 181767.939394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181767.939394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 181767.939394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181767.939394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  846                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              289307802                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 1102                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             262529.765880                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   111.603383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   144.396617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.435951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.564049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       316953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        316953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       172518                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       172518                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           95                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           95                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           87                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           87                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       489471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         489471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       489471                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        489471                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2953                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2953                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         2963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2963                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         2963                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    356779742                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    356779742                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1203905                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1203905                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    357983647                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    357983647                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    357983647                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    357983647                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       319906                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       319906                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       172528                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       172528                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           95                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           95                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           87                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           87                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       492434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       492434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       492434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       492434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009231                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009231                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000058                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 120819.418219                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120819.418219                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 120390.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120390.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 120817.970638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120817.970638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 120817.970638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120817.970638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          129                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             129                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2117                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2117                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     93727972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93727972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       372356                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       372356                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     94100328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     94100328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     94100328                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     94100328                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 111183.833926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111183.833926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 124118.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 124118.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 111229.702128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111229.702128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 111229.702128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111229.702128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              548.895470                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              646510338                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1169096.452080                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    23.780391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   525.115078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.038110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.841531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.879640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       126777                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126777                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       126777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         126777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       126777                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        126777                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5210332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5210332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5210332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5210332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5210332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5210332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       126810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       126810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       126810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       126810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       126810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157888.848485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157888.848485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157888.848485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157888.848485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157888.848485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157888.848485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4506889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4506889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4506889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4506889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4506889                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4506889                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 166921.814815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166921.814815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 166921.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166921.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 166921.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166921.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  568                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              151271512                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  824                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             183581.932039                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   151.769591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   104.230409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.592850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.407150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       189930                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        189930                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       221741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         221741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       221741                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        221741                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1972                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1972                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    216640710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    216640710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1278320                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1278320                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    217919030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    217919030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    217919030                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    217919030                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       191887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       191887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       223713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       223713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       223713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       223713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010199                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010199                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 110700.413899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110700.413899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 85221.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85221.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 110506.607505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110506.607505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 110506.607505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110506.607505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           56                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              56                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1404                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1404                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     58963619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58963619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       200650                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       200650                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     59164269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59164269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     59164269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59164269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104360.387611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104360.387611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 66883.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66883.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104162.445423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104162.445423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104162.445423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104162.445423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              567.602280                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              768706870                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  577                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1332247.608319                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    26.523169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.079111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.042505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.867114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.909619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       123538                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        123538                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       123538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         123538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       123538                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        123538                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8075380                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8075380                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8075380                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8075380                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8075380                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8075380                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       123580                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       123580                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       123580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       123580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       123580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       123580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 192270.952381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 192270.952381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 192270.952381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 192270.952381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 192270.952381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 192270.952381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6790897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6790897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6790897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6790897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6790897                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6790897                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000275                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000275                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 199732.264706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 199732.264706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 199732.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 199732.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 199732.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 199732.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  847                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              289308228                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 1103                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             262292.137806                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   111.657278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   144.342722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.436161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.563839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       317115                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        317115                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       172770                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       172770                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          107                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          107                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           87                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           87                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       489885                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         489885                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       489885                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        489885                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         2991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2991                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         2991                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    356557264                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    356557264                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       857330                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       857330                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    357414594                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    357414594                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    357414594                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    357414594                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       320096                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       320096                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       172780                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       172780                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          107                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          107                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           87                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           87                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       492876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       492876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       492876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       492876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000058                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 119609.951023                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119609.951023                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        85733                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        85733                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 119496.688064                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119496.688064                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 119496.688064                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119496.688064                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          130                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             130                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2144                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2144                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          847                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          847                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     92085980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92085980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       244164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       244164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     92330144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92330144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     92330144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92330144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002637                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002637                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109106.611374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109106.611374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        81388                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        81388                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109008.434475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109008.434475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109008.434475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109008.434475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              489.657503                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              749561012                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1493149.426295                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    14.657503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.023490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       127069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       127069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         127069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       127069                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        127069                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6139650                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6139650                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6139650                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6139650                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6139650                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6139650                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       127102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       127102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       127102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       127102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       127102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       186050                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       186050                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       186050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       186050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       186050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       186050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5245238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5245238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5245238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5245238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5245238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5245238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 194268.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194268.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 194268.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194268.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 194268.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194268.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  399                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              113237726                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  655                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             172882.024427                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   139.190227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   116.809773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.543712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.456288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        86250                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86250                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        71607                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71607                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          174                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          174                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       157857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         157857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       157857                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        157857                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         1272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1272                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         1272                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    154924114                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    154924114                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1358034                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1358034                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    156282148                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    156282148                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    156282148                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    156282148                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        87506                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87506                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        71623                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71623                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          174                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          174                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       159129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       159129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.014353                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014353                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000223                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.007994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.007994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 123347.224522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123347.224522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 84877.125000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84877.125000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 122863.323899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122863.323899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 122863.323899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122863.323899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total              87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          873                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          873                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          399                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          399                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     42253185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42253185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       228604                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       228604                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     42481789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42481789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     42481789                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42481789                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002507                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002507                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002507                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002507                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106699.962121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106699.962121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 76201.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76201.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106470.649123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106470.649123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106470.649123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106470.649123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              502.633113                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              753314244                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1497642.632207                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    12.633113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.020245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       122400                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122400                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       122400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         122400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       122400                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        122400                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2387265                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2387265                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2387265                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2387265                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2387265                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2387265                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       122414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       122414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       122414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       122414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       122414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 170518.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170518.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 170518.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170518.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 170518.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170518.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2150964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2150964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2150964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2150964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2150964                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2150964                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 165458.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165458.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 165458.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165458.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 165458.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165458.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 1100                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              125533487                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 1356                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             92576.317847                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   192.160678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    63.839322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.750628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.249372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        92465                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         92465                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        74675                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74675                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          149                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          149                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       167140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         167140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       167140                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        167140                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2520                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2520                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          378                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          378                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         2898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2898                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         2898                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    333259578                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    333259578                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     66635002                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     66635002                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    399894580                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    399894580                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    399894580                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    399894580                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        94985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        94985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        75053                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        75053                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          149                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          149                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       170038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       170038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       170038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       170038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.026531                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026531                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005036                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005036                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.017043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.017043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 132245.864286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132245.864286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 176283.074074                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176283.074074                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 137989.848171                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 137989.848171                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 137989.848171                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 137989.848171                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          519                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             519                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          328                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          328                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1798                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1798                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1100                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1100                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    124180621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    124180621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      7950181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7950181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    132130802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    132130802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    132130802                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    132130802                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000666                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000666                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 118267.258095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118267.258095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 159003.620000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159003.620000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 120118.910909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120118.910909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 120118.910909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120118.910909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              548.518749                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              646510352                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1171214.405797                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    23.403546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   525.115202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.037506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.841531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.879036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       126791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       126791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         126791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       126791                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        126791                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4961590                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4961590                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4961590                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4961590                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4961590                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4961590                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       126822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       126822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       126822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       126822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       126822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160051.290323                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160051.290323                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160051.290323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160051.290323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160051.290323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160051.290323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4262985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4262985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4262985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4262985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4262985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4262985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 163960.961538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163960.961538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 163960.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163960.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 163960.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163960.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  568                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              151270986                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  824                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             183581.293689                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   151.856369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   104.143631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.593189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.406811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       189404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        189404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       221215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         221215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       221215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        221215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1935                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1935                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1950                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         1950                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1950                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         1950                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    214670914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    214670914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1161597                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1161597                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    215832511                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    215832511                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    215832511                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    215832511                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       191339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       191339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       223165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       223165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       223165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       223165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008738                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008738                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008738                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008738                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 110941.040827                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110941.040827                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 77439.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77439.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 110683.338974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110683.338974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 110683.338974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110683.338974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           53                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total              53                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1382                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1382                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     58927821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58927821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       206390                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       206390                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     59134211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59134211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     59134211                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59134211                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002953                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002953                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104297.028319                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104297.028319                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 68796.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68796.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104109.526408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104109.526408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104109.526408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104109.526408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              465.765375                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              753004101                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1615888.628755                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    10.765375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.017252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.746419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       127849                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127849                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       127849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         127849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       127849                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        127849                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2051875                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2051875                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2051875                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2051875                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2051875                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2051875                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       127863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       127863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       127863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       127863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       127863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 146562.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 146562.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 146562.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 146562.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 146562.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 146562.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1685376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1685376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1685376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1685376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1685376                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1685376                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       153216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       153216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       153216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       153216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       153216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       153216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  366                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              109335801                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  622                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             175781.030547                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   129.713068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   126.286932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.506692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.493308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       100003                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        100003                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        73556                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73556                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       173559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         173559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       173559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        173559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total          944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total          944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    103886460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    103886460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    103886460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    103886460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    103886460                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    103886460                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       100947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        73556                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73556                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       174503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       174503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 110049.216102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110049.216102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 110049.216102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110049.216102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 110049.216102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110049.216102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          578                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          578                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     37449441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37449441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     37449441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37449441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     37449441                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37449441                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003626                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003626                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002097                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002097                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102320.877049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102320.877049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102320.877049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102320.877049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102320.877049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102320.877049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
